Ai
Ai is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Ai is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Ai seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Ai is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Ai is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Ai is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Ai is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Ai is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Ai is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Ai is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Ai and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Ai is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Ai is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Ai for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Ai is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Ai seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Ai is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Ai is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Ai is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Ai is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Ai wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Ai is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Ai is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Ai is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Ai says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Ai seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Ai in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Ai is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Ai says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Ai says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Ai picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Ai is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Ai thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Aiolos
Aiolos is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Aiolos is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Aiolos wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Aiolos is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Aiolos is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Aiolos is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Aiolos says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Aiolos seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Aiolos in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Aiolos is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Aiolos says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Aiolos says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Aiolos picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Aiolos is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Aiolos thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Aiolos depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Aiolos is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Aiolos being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Aiolos is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Aiolos is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Aiolos is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Aiolos seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Aiolos who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Aiolos and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Aiolos looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Aiolos's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Aiolos seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Aiolos.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Aiolos and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Aiolos do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Aiolos. What should you say?
	Well, Aiolos does have that kind of charm.
Aiolos is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Aiolos after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

You come across Aiolos, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Aiolos is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Aiolos, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Aiolos says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Aiolos about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Aiolos is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Aiolos who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Aiolos is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Aiolos, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Aiolos wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Aiolos points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Aiolos seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Aiolos is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Aiolos's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Aiolos is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Aiolos is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Akane
Akane is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Akane is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Akane seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Akane is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Akane is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Akane is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Akane is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Akane is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Akane is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Akane is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Akane and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Akane is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Akane is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Akane for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Akane is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Akane seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Akane is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Akane is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Akane seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Akane is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Akane came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Akane is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Akane is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Akane seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Akane seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Akane is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Akane is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Akane plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Akane and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Akane seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Akane's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Akane bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Akane is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Akane is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Akane is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Alice
Alice says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Alice asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Alice is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Alice looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Alice says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Alice wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Alice is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Alice says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Alice says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Alice seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Alice is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Alice says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Alice seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Alice is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Alice went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Alice claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Alice seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Alice says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Alice hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Alice says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Alice seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Alice is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Alice came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Alice is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Alice is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Alice seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Alice seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Alice is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Alice is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Alice plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Alice and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Alice seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Alice's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Alice bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Alice is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Alice is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Alice is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Alicia
Alicia is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Alicia is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Alicia wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Alicia is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Alicia is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Alicia is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Alicia says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Alicia seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Alicia in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Alicia is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Alicia says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Alicia says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Alicia picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Alicia is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Alicia thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Alicia is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Alicia, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Alicia announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Alicia is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Alicia wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Alicia is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Alicia? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Alicia lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Alicia says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Alicia wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Alicia caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Alicia some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Alicia seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Alicia came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Alicia is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Alicia seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Alicia looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Alicia to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Alkyde
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Alkyde is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Alkyde looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Alkyde thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Alkyde is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Alkyde blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Alkyde is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Alkyde did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Alkyde is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Alkyde feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Alkyde about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Alkyde continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Alkyde is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Alkyde is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Alkyde to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Alkyde says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Alkyde is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Alkyde running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Alkyde's shoe.
	(Tell Alkyde who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Alkyde.)
Alkyde hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Alkyde asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Alkyde is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Alkyde is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Alkyde is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Alkyde seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Alkyde asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Alkyde heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Alkyde, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Alkyde seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Alkyde is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Alkyde is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Alkyde's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Alkyde's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Alkyde and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Alkyde's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Alkyde fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Alkyde is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Alkyde is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Alkyde is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Alkyde is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Alkyde is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Altair
Altair is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Altair comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Altair about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Altair is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Altair is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Altair isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Altair for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Altair and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Altair's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Altair thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Altair won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Altair suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Altair and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Altair was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Altair wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Altair is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Altair says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Altair asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Altair is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Altair looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Altair says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Altair wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Altair is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Altair says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Altair says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Altair seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Altair is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Altair says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Altair seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Altair trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Altair is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Altair went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Altair is in danger! We have to save her!
Altair claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Altair seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Altair says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Altair hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Altair says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Amaranth
Amaranth says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Amaranth asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Amaranth is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Amaranth looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Amaranth says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Amaranth wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Amaranth is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Amaranth says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Amaranth says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Amaranth seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Amaranth is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Amaranth says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Amaranth seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Amaranth trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Amaranth is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Amaranth went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Amaranth is in danger! We have to save her!
Amaranth claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Amaranth seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Amaranth says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Amaranth hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Amaranth says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Amaranth seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Amaranth is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Amaranth came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Amaranth is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Amaranth is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Amaranth seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Amaranth seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Amaranth is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Amaranth is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Amaranth plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Amaranth and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Amaranth seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Amaranth's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Amaranth bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Amaranth is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Amaranth is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Amaranth is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Ami
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ami asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Ami suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Ami is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Ami has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Ami said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Ami. Ami seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Ami is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Ami was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ami asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Ami falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ami up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ami having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Ami is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Ami scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ami.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Ami falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Ami lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ami. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ami is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Ami brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Ami depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Ami is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Ami being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Ami is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Ami is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Ami is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Ami seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Ami who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Ami and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Ami looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Ami's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Ami seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Ami.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Ami and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Ami do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Ami. What should you say?
	Well, Ami does have that kind of charm.
Ami is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Ami after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Anael
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Anael asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Anael suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Anael is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Anael has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Anael said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Anael. Anael seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Anael is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Anael was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Anael asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Anael falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Anael up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Anael having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Anael is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Anael scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Anael.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Anael falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Anael lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Anael. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Anael is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Anael brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Anael says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Anael asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Anael is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Anael looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Anael says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Anael wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Anael is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Anael says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Anael says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Anael seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Anael is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Anael says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Anael seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Anael.
Anael is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Anael went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Anael claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Anael seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Anael says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Anael hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Anael says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Angela
You find Angela depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Angela is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Angela being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Angela is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Angela is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Angela is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Angela seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Angela who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Angela and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Angela looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Angela's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Angela seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Angela.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Angela and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Angela do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Angela. What should you say?
	Well, Angela does have that kind of charm.
Angela is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Angela after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Angela seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Angela is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Angela came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Angela is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Angela is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Angela seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Angela seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Angela is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Angela is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Angela plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Angela and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Angela seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Angela's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Angela bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Angela is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Angela is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Angela is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Anis
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Anis asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Anis suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Anis is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Anis has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Anis said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Anis. Anis seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Anis is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Anis was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Anis asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Anis falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Anis up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Anis having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Anis is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Anis scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Anis.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Anis falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Anis lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Anis. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Anis is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Anis brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Anis seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Anis is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Anis came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Anis is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Anis is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Anis seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Anis seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Anis is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Anis is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Anis plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Anis and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Anis seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Anis's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Anis bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Anis is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Anis is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Anis is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Ari
Ari is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Ari's eyes met yours a several times and Ari asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Ari warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Ari on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Ari is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Ari is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Ari is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Ari being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Ari is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Ari is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Ari doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Ari's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Ari's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Ari. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Ari's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Ari comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Ari is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Ari.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Ari is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Ari seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Ari says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Ari seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Ari is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Ari came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Ari is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Ari is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Ari seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Ari seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Ari is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Ari is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Ari plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Ari and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Ari seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Ari's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Ari bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Ari is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Ari is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Ari is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Ari (Swimsuit)
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ari (Swimsuit) asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Ari (Swimsuit) suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Ari (Swimsuit) is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Ari (Swimsuit) has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Ari (Swimsuit) said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Ari (Swimsuit). Ari (Swimsuit) seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Ari (Swimsuit) is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Ari (Swimsuit) was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ari (Swimsuit) asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Ari (Swimsuit) falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ari (Swimsuit) up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ari (Swimsuit) having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Ari (Swimsuit) is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Ari (Swimsuit) scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ari (Swimsuit).
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Ari (Swimsuit) falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Ari (Swimsuit) lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ari (Swimsuit). Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ari (Swimsuit) is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Ari (Swimsuit) brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Ari (Swimsuit) says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Ari (Swimsuit) asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Ari (Swimsuit) is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Ari (Swimsuit) looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Ari (Swimsuit) says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Ari (Swimsuit) wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Ari (Swimsuit) is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Ari (Swimsuit) says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Ari (Swimsuit) says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Ari (Swimsuit) seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Ari (Swimsuit) is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Ari (Swimsuit) says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Ari (Swimsuit) seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Ari (Swimsuit) is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Ari (Swimsuit) went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Ari (Swimsuit) claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Ari (Swimsuit) seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Ari (Swimsuit) says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Ari (Swimsuit) hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Ari (Swimsuit) says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Armati
You find Armati depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Armati is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Armati being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Armati is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Armati is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Armati is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Armati seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Armati who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Armati and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Armati looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Armati's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Armati seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Armati.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Armati and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Armati do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Armati. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Armati is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Armati after the match. Let's barge in.
	Armati was fantastic on the field, right?

Armati is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Armati is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Armati seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Armati is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Armati is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Armati is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Armati is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Armati is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Armati is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Armati is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Armati and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Armati is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Armati is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Armati for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in her dictionary.
Armati is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Armati seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Armati is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Armati is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

Asakura
Asakura is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Asakura, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Asakura announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Asakura is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Asakura wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Asakura is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Asakura? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Asakura lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Asakura says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Asakura wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Asakura caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Asakura some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Asakura seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Asakura came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Asakura is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Asakura seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Asakura looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Asakura to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

You come across Asakura, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Asakura is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Asakura, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Asakura says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Asakura about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Asakura is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Asakura who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Asakura is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Asakura, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Asakura wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Asakura points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Asakura seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Asakura is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Asakura's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Asakura is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Asakura is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Askeladd
Askeladd is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Askeladd's eyes met yours a several times and Askeladd asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Askeladd warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Askeladd on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Askeladd is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Askeladd is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Askeladd is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Askeladd being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Askeladd is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Askeladd is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Askeladd doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Askeladd's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Askeladd's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Askeladd. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Askeladd's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Askeladd comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Askeladd is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Askeladd.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Askeladd is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Askeladd seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Askeladd says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Askeladd is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Askeladd comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Askeladd about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Askeladd is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Askeladd is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Askeladd isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Askeladd for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Askeladd and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Askeladd's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Askeladd thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Askeladd won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Askeladd suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Askeladd and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Askeladd was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Askeladd wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Askeladd is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Askeladd is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Askeladd, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Askeladd announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Askeladd is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Askeladd wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Askeladd is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Askeladd? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Askeladd lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Askeladd says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Askeladd wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Askeladd caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Askeladd some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Askeladd seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Askeladd came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Askeladd is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Askeladd seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Askeladd looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Askeladd to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Askeladd seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Askeladd is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Askeladd came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Askeladd is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Askeladd is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Askeladd seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Askeladd seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Askeladd is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Askeladd is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Askeladd plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Askeladd and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Askeladd seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Askeladd's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Askeladd bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Askeladd is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Askeladd is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Askeladd is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Aslan
You come across Aslan, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Aslan is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Aslan, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Aslan says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Aslan about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Aslan is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Aslan who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Aslan is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Aslan, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Aslan wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Aslan points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Aslan seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Aslan is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Aslan's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Aslan is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Aslan is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Aslan seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Aslan is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Aslan came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Aslan is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Aslan is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Aslan seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Aslan seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Aslan is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Aslan is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Aslan plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Aslan and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Aslan seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Aslan's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Aslan bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Aslan is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Aslan is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Aslan is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Avnore
Avnore is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	The opponents are mesmerized by the beauty of our players.
After a meeting, Avnore's eyes met yours a several times and Avnore asks if he has something on his face.
	Yeah, Kuma's hat...
With a serious look on his face, Avnore warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Why does an ordinary advice sound so strange...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Avnore on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I think it should be you, but will you be able to return to your normal life after all of this is...Wait, I'm going off topic, right?
Avnore is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	Look at the beautiful players! This is paradise!
Avnore is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	...If you want to say something, it's alright. I'll be listening.
Avnore is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	My Nari dakimakura! She's the best idol in the universe and is super strong.
You find Avnore being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Can't you do that more often?! (Cries)
Avnore is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	It's impossible to focus on a field with so many beautiful women.
Avnore is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	That bear...Is a hero...!
Avnore doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	There's not enough fan service.
It's Avnore's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	I stole this treasure box from Kuma.
You see Avnore's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Avnore. What should we do?
	Tell me if you like him. Just say the words and I'll scout him.
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	Manga, anime, and figures...! Here I come!
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Avnore's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This is our chance to steal his precious collection.
Avnore comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	So, how does this work? Do I tap ''Sell''?
Avnore is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Avnore.
	I think we should come up with an action speed deck or go for counterattacks...
Avnore is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	So, is that king entering the Galaxy League?
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Avnore seems to be interested.
	I'll give you this, so get rid of that fake ticket.
Avnore says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's start by picking their defenses apart.

Avnore is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Avnore comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Avnore about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Avnore is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Avnore is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Avnore isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Avnore for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Avnore and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Avnore's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Avnore thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Avnore won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Avnore suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Avnore and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Avnore was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Avnore wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Avnore is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Azrael
Azrael is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Azrael is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Azrael seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Azrael is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Azrael is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Azrael is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Azrael is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Azrael is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Azrael is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Azrael is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Azrael and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Azrael is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Azrael is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Azrael for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in her dictionary.
Azrael is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Azrael seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Azrael is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Azrael is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Azrael is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Azrael looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Azrael thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Azrael is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Azrael blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Azrael is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Azrael did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Azrael is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Azrael feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Azrael about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Azrael continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Azrael is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Azrael is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Azrael to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Azrael says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Azrael is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Azrael running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Azrael's shoe.
	(Tell Azrael who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Azrael.)
Azrael hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Baltheon
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Baltheon asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Baltheon suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Baltheon is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Baltheon has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Baltheon said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Baltheon. Baltheon seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Baltheon is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Baltheon was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Baltheon asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Baltheon falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Baltheon up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Baltheon having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Baltheon is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Baltheon scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Baltheon.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Baltheon falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Baltheon lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Baltheon. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Baltheon is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Baltheon brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Baltheon is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Baltheon comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Baltheon about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Baltheon is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Baltheon is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Baltheon isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Baltheon for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Baltheon and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Baltheon's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Baltheon thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Baltheon won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Baltheon suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Baltheon and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Baltheon was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Baltheon wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Baltheon is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Baltheon is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Baltheon, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Baltheon announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Baltheon is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Baltheon wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Baltheon is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Baltheon? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Baltheon lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Baltheon says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Baltheon wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Baltheon caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Baltheon some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Baltheon seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Baltheon came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Baltheon is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Baltheon seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Baltheon looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Baltheon to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Baltheon seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Baltheon is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Baltheon came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Baltheon is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Baltheon is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Baltheon seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Baltheon seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Baltheon is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Baltheon is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Baltheon plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Baltheon and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Baltheon seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Baltheon's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Baltheon bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Baltheon is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Baltheon is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Baltheon is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Banesia
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Banesia is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Banesia looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Banesia thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Banesia is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Banesia blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Banesia is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Banesia did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Banesia is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Banesia feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Banesia about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Banesia continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Banesia is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Banesia is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Banesia to do?
	They all need scolding.
Banesia says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Banesia is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Banesia running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Banesia's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Banesia hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Banesia says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Banesia asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Banesia is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Banesia looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Banesia says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Banesia wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Banesia is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Banesia says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Banesia says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Banesia seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Banesia is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Banesia says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Banesia seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Banesia is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Banesia went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Banesia claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Banesia seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Banesia says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Banesia hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Banesia says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Bartel
You find Bartel depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Bartel is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Bartel being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Bartel is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Bartel is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Bartel is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Bartel seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Bartel who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Bartel and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Bartel looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Bartel's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Bartel seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Bartel.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Bartel and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Bartel do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Bartel. What should you say?
	Well, Bartel does have that kind of charm.
Bartel is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Bartel after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Bartel is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Bartel, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Bartel announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Bartel is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Bartel wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Bartel is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Bartel? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Bartel lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Bartel says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Bartel wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Bartel caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Bartel some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Bartel seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Bartel came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Bartel is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Bartel seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Bartel looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Bartel to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Beast King
Beast King is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Beast King comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Beast King about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Beast King is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Beast King is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Beast King isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Beast King for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Beast King and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Beast King's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Beast King thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Beast King won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Beast King suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Beast King and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Beast King was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Beast King wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Beast King is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Beast King says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Beast King asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Beast King is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Beast King looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Beast King says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Beast King wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Beast King is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Beast King says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Beast King says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Beast King seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Beast King is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Beast King says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Beast King seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Beast King is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Beast King went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Beast King claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Beast King seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Beast King says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Beast King hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Beast King says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Beatrice
Beatrice is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Beatrice comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Beatrice about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Beatrice is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Beatrice is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Beatrice isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Beatrice for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Beatrice and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Beatrice's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Beatrice thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Beatrice won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Beatrice suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Beatrice and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Beatrice was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Beatrice wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Beatrice is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Beatrice says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Beatrice asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Beatrice is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Beatrice looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Beatrice says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Beatrice wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Beatrice is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Beatrice says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Beatrice says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Beatrice seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Beatrice is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Beatrice says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Beatrice seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Beatrice trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Beatrice is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Beatrice went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Beatrice is in danger! We have to save her!
Beatrice claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Beatrice seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Beatrice says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Beatrice hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Beatrice says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Bell
Bell is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Bell comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Bell about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Bell is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Bell is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Bell isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Bell for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Bell and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Bell's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Bell thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Bell won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Bell suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Bell and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Bell was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Bell wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Bell is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Bell seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Bell is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Bell came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Bell is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Bell is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Bell seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Bell seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Bell is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Bell is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Bell plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Bell and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Bell seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Bell's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Bell bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Bell is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Bell is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Bell is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Bell is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	The opponents are mesmerized by the beauty of our players.
After a meeting, Bell's eyes met yours a several times and Bell asks if she has something on her face.
	Yeah, Kuma's hat...
With a serious look on her face, Bell warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Why does an ordinary advice sound so strange...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Bell on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I think it should be you, but will you be able to return to your normal life after all of this is...Wait, I'm going off topic, right?
Bell is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Look at the beautiful players! This is paradise!
Bell is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	...If you want to say something, it's alright. I'll be listening.
Bell is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	My Nari dakimakura! She's the best idol in the universe and is super strong.
You find Bell being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Can't you do that more often?! (Cries)
Bell is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	It's impossible to focus on a field with so many handsome men.
Bell is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	That bear...Is a hero...!
Bell doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	There's not enough fan service.
It's Bell's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	I stole this treasure box from Kuma.
You see Bell's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Bell. What should we do?
	Tell me if you like her. Just say the words and I'll scout her.
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	Manga, anime, and figures...! Here I come!
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Bell's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This is our chance to steal his precious collection.
Bell comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	So, how does this work? Do I tap ''Sell''?
Bell is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Bell.
	I think we should come up with an action speed deck or go for counterattacks...
Bell is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	So, is that king entering the Galaxy League?
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Bell seems to be interested.
	I'll give you this, so get rid of that fake ticket.
Bell says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's start by picking their defenses apart.

Beta
Beta is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Beta, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Beta announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Beta is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Beta wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Beta is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Beta? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Beta lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Beta says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Beta wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Beta caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Beta some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Beta seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Beta came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Beta is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Beta seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Beta looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Beta to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Beta is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Beta comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Beta about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Beta is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Beta is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Beta isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Beta for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Beta and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Beta's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Beta thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Beta won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Beta suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Beta and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Beta was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Beta wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Beta is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Black Daisy
Black Daisy is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Black Daisy is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Black Daisy wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Black Daisy is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Black Daisy is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Black Daisy is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Black Daisy says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Black Daisy seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Black Daisy in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Black Daisy is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Black Daisy says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Black Daisy says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Black Daisy picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Black Daisy is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Black Daisy thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Black Daisy seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Black Daisy is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Black Daisy came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Black Daisy is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Black Daisy is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Black Daisy seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Black Daisy seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Black Daisy is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Black Daisy is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Black Daisy plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Black Daisy and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Black Daisy seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Black Daisy's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Black Daisy bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Black Daisy is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Black Daisy is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Black Daisy is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Black Ivy
Black Ivy is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	The opponents are mesmerized by the beauty of our players.
After a meeting, Black Ivy's eyes met yours a several times and Black Ivy asks if she has something on her face.
	Yeah, Kuma's hat...
With a serious look on her face, Black Ivy warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Why does an ordinary advice sound so strange...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Black Ivy on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I think it should be you, but will you be able to return to your normal life after all of this is...Wait, I'm going off topic, right?
Black Ivy is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Look at the beautiful players! This is paradise!
Black Ivy is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	...If you want to say something, it's alright. I'll be listening.
Black Ivy is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	My Nari dakimakura! She's the best idol in the universe and is super strong.
You find Black Ivy being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Can't you do that more often?! (Cries)
Black Ivy is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	It's impossible to focus on a field with so many handsome men.
Black Ivy is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	That bear...Is a hero...!
Black Ivy doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	There's not enough fan service.
It's Black Ivy's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	I stole this treasure box from Kuma.
You see Black Ivy's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Black Ivy. What should we do?
	Tell me if you like her. Just say the words and I'll scout her.
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	Manga, anime, and figures...! Here I come!
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Black Ivy's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This is our chance to steal his precious collection.
Black Ivy comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	So, how does this work? Do I tap ''Sell''?
Black Ivy is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Black Ivy.
	I think we should come up with an action speed deck or go for counterattacks...
Black Ivy is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	So, is that king entering the Galaxy League?
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Black Ivy seems to be interested.
	I'll give you this, so get rid of that fake ticket.
Black Ivy says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's start by picking their defenses apart.

Black Ivy is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Black Ivy, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Black Ivy announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Black Ivy is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Black Ivy wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Black Ivy is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Black Ivy lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Black Ivy says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Black Ivy wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Black Ivy caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Black Ivy some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Black Ivy seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Black Ivy came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Black Ivy is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Black Ivy seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Black Ivy!
Black Ivy looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Black Ivy to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Black Mash
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Black Mash asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Black Mash suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Black Mash is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Black Mash has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Black Mash said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Black Mash. Black Mash seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Black Mash is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Black Mash was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Black Mash asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Black Mash falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Black Mash up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Black Mash having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Black Mash is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Black Mash scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Black Mash.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Black Mash falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Black Mash lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Black Mash. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Black Mash is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Black Mash brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Black Mash is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Black Mash, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Black Mash announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Black Mash is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Black Mash wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Black Mash is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find him...
You find Black Mash lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Black Mash says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Black Mash wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Black Mash caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Black Mash some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Black Mash seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Black Mash came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Black Mash is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Black Mash seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Black Mash looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Black Mash to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Black Tortoise
Black Tortoise is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Black Tortoise is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Black Tortoise wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Black Tortoise is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Black Tortoise is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Black Tortoise is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Black Tortoise says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Black Tortoise seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Black Tortoise in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Black Tortoise is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Black Tortoise says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Black Tortoise says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Black Tortoise picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Black Tortoise is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Black Tortoise thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Black Tortoise is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Black Tortoise comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Black Tortoise about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Black Tortoise is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Black Tortoise is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Black Tortoise isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Black Tortoise for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Black Tortoise and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Black Tortoise's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Black Tortoise thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Black Tortoise won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Black Tortoise suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Black Tortoise and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Black Tortoise was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Black Tortoise wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Black Tortoise is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Black Tortoise seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Black Tortoise is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Black Tortoise came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Black Tortoise is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Black Tortoise is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Black Tortoise seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Black Tortoise seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Black Tortoise is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Black Tortoise is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Black Tortoise plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Black Tortoise and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Black Tortoise seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Black Tortoise's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Black Tortoise bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Black Tortoise is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Black Tortoise is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Black Tortoise is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Blade
Blade is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Blade, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Blade announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Blade is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Blade wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Blade is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Blade? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Blade lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Blade says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Blade wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Blade caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Blade some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Blade seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Blade came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Blade is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Blade seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Blade looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Blade to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Blade seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Blade is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Blade came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Blade is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Blade is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Blade seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Blade seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Blade is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Blade is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Blade plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Blade and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Blade seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Blade's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Blade bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Blade is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Blade is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Blade is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Blue Dragon
Blue Dragon is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Blue Dragon, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Blue Dragon announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Blue Dragon is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Blue Dragon wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Blue Dragon is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Blue Dragon lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Blue Dragon says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Blue Dragon wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Blue Dragon caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Blue Dragon some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Blue Dragon seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Blue Dragon came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Blue Dragon is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Blue Dragon seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Blue Dragon!
Blue Dragon looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Blue Dragon to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

You come across Blue Dragon, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Blue Dragon is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Blue Dragon, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Blue Dragon says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Blue Dragon about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Blue Dragon is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Blue Dragon who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Blue Dragon is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Blue Dragon, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Blue Dragon wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Blue Dragon points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Blue Dragon seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Blue Dragon is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Blue Dragon's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Blue Dragon is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Blue Dragon is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Blue King
Blue King is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Blue King, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Blue King announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Blue King is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Blue King wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Blue King is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Blue King? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Blue King lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Blue King says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Blue King wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Blue King caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Blue King some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Blue King seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Blue King came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Blue King is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Blue King seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Blue King looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Blue King to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

You come across Blue King, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Blue King is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Blue King, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Blue King says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Blue King about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Blue King is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Blue King who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Blue King is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Blue King, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Blue King wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Blue King points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Blue King seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Blue King is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Blue King's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Blue King is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Blue King is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Bora
Bora is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Bora, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Bora announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Bora is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Bora wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Bora is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Bora? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Bora lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Bora says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Bora wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Bora caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Bora some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Bora seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Bora came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Bora is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Bora seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Bora looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Bora to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Bora seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Bora is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Bora came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Bora is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Bora is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Bora seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Bora seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Bora is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Bora is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Bora plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Bora and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Bora seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Bora's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Bora bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Bora is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Bora is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Bora is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Brett
Brett is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Brett is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Brett seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Brett is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Brett is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Brett is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Brett is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Brett is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Brett is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Brett is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Brett and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Brett is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Brett is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Brett for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Brett is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Brett seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Brett is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Brett is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Brett asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Brett suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Brett is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Brett has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Brett said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Brett. Brett seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Brett is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Brett was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Brett asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Brett falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Brett up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Brett having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Brett is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Brett scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Brett.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Brett falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Brett lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Brett. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Brett is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Brett brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Butcher
Butcher is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Butcher's eyes met yours a several times and Butcher asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on his face, Butcher warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Butcher on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Butcher is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Butcher is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Butcher is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Butcher being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Butcher is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Butcher is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Butcher doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Butcher's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Butcher's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Butcher. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Butcher's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Butcher comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Butcher is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Butcher.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Butcher is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Butcher seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Butcher says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

You find Butcher depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Butcher is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Butcher being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Butcher is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Butcher is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Butcher is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Butcher seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Butcher who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Butcher and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Butcher looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Butcher's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Butcher seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Butcher.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Butcher and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Butcher do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Butcher. What should you say?
	Well, Butcher does have that kind of charm.
Butcher is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Butcher after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Cashlove
Cashlove is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Cashlove is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Cashlove wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Cashlove is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Cashlove is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Cashlove is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Cashlove says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Cashlove seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Cashlove in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Cashlove is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Cashlove says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Cashlove says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Cashlove picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Cashlove is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Cashlove thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Cashlove depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Cashlove is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Cashlove being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Cashlove is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Cashlove is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Cashlove is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Cashlove seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Cashlove who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Cashlove and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Cashlove looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Cashlove's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Cashlove seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Cashlove.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Cashlove and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Cashlove do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Cashlove. What should you say?
	Well, Cashlove does have that kind of charm.
Cashlove is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Cashlove after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Cassiel
Cassiel is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Cassiel is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Cassiel seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Cassiel is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Cassiel is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Cassiel is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Cassiel is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Cassiel is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Cassiel is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Cassiel is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Cassiel and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Cassiel is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Cassiel is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Cassiel for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Cassiel is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Cassiel seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Cassiel is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Cassiel is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

You come across Cassiel, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Cassiel is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Cassiel, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Cassiel says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Cassiel about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Cassiel is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Cassiel who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Cassiel is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Cassiel, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He's truly a role model to us all with his skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Cassiel wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Cassiel points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Cassiel seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Cassiel is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Cassiel's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Cassiel is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Cassiel is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Castor
Castor is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Castor is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Castor seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Castor is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Castor is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Castor is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Castor is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Castor is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Castor is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Castor is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Castor and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Castor is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Castor is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Castor for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Castor is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Castor seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Castor is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Castor is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Castor asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Castor suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Castor is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Castor has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Castor said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Castor. Castor seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Castor is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Castor was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Castor asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Castor falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Castor up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Castor having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Castor is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Castor scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Castor.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Castor falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Castor lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Castor. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Castor is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Castor brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Cecily
Cecily is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Cecily is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Cecily wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Cecily is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Cecily is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Cecily is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Cecily says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Cecily seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Cecily in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Cecily is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Cecily says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Cecily says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Cecily picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Cecily is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Cecily thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Cecily says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Cecily asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Cecily is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Cecily looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Cecily says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Cecily wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Cecily is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Cecily says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Cecily says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Cecily seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Cecily is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Cecily says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Cecily seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Cecily trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Cecily is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Cecily went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Cecily is in danger! We have to save her!
Cecily claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Cecily seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Cecily says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Cecily hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Cecily says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Celine
You find Celine depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Celine is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Celine being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Celine is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Celine is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Celine is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Celine seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Celine who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Celine and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Celine looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Celine's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Celine seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Celine.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Celine and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Celine do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Celine. What should you say?
	Well, Celine does have that kind of charm.
Celine is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Celine after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Celine asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Celine is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Celine is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Celine is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Celine seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Celine asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Celine heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Celine, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Celine seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Celine is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Celine is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Celine's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Celine's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Celine and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Celine's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Celine fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Celine is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Celine is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Celine is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Celine is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Celine is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Celus
Celus is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Celus's eyes met yours a several times and Celus asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Celus warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Celus on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Celus is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Celus is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Celus is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Celus being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Celus is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Celus is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Celus doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Celus's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Celus's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Celus. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Celus's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Celus comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Celus is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Celus.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Celus is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Celus seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Celus says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Celus is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	We haven't awakened our TRUE powers! We have to go further beyond!
Celus is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place where the chosen ones learn about their destiny.
Celus wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	All goes as planned...Hmm? Just ignore that.
Celus is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	And that's how we walk towards our destiny.
Celus is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	This is your chance to buy the hottest fashion items in space!
Celus is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My friends from previous life...They would be pleased to see me win.
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I'm going to check out the new comic issues. Wanna come along?
Celus says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	Hmm, a revived person that forgot his purpose...Reminds me of somebody.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	What a depressing weather...
Celus seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	That's a dangerous secret you're trying to find out about. Do you still want to know?
Ogre's pony tail slapped Celus in the face!
	Even his hair is a weapon! Is that even allowed?
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I guess I finally get to meet my archnemesis.
Celus is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	I knew this day would come.
Celus says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They were sacrificed as material for a greater cause.
Celus says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	You can only find your true potential when you don't rely on your skills!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Fontus...You sure are my archnemesis!
Celus picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	So, this is how the revelation begins!
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Come back Huginn! Wait, is it Muninn?
Celus is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's time, Celus! Awaken the 6th attribute and show your true powers!
Celus thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	That's because you haven't opened up your ''third eye''!

Chiffon
Chiffon is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Chiffon is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Chiffon wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Chiffon is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Chiffon is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Chiffon is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Chiffon says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Chiffon seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Chiffon in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Chiffon is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Chiffon says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Chiffon says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Chiffon picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Chiffon is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Chiffon thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Chiffon seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Chiffon is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Chiffon came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Chiffon is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Chiffon is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Chiffon seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Chiffon seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Chiffon is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Chiffon is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Chiffon plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Chiffon and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Chiffon seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Chiffon's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Chiffon bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Chiffon is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Chiffon is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Chiffon is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Chitose
You find Chitose depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Chitose is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Chitose being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Chitose is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Chitose is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Chitose is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Chitose seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Chitose who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Chitose and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Chitose looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Chitose's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Chitose seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Chitose.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Chitose and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Chitose do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Chitose. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Chitose.
Chitose is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Chitose after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Chitose is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Chitose is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Chitose, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Chitose wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Chitose looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Chitose seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Chitose is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Chitose is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Chitose on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Chitose seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Chitose seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Chitose seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Chitose is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Chitose is prettier.
Chitose refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Chitose is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Chitose seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Chitose seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Chitose looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Chitose is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Chitose about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Choi
Choi is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Choi's eyes met yours a several times and Choi asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Choi warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Choi on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Choi is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Choi is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Choi is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Choi being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Choi is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Choi is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Choi doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Choi's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Choi's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Choi. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Choi's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Choi comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Choi is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Choi.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Choi is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Choi seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Choi says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Choi is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Choi is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Choi wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Choi is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Choi is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Choi is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Choi says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Choi seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Choi in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Choi is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Choi says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Choi says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Choi picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Choi is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Choi thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Choi asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Choi suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Choi is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Choi has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Choi said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Choi. Choi seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Choi is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Choi was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Choi asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Choi falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Choi up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Choi having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Choi is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Choi scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Choi.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Choi falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Choi lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Choi. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Choi is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Choi brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Choi seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Choi is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Choi came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Choi is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Choi is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Choi seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Choi seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Choi is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Choi is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Choi plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Choi and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Choi seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Choi's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Choi bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Choi is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Choi is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Choi is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Chrono
Chrono is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Chrono comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Chrono about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Chrono is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Chrono is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Chrono isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Chrono for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Chrono and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Chrono's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Chrono thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Chrono won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Chrono suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Chrono and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Chrono was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Chrono wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Chrono is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Chrono says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Chrono asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Chrono is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Chrono looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Chrono says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Chrono wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Chrono is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Chrono says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Chrono says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Chrono seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Chrono is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Chrono says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Chrono seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Chrono is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Chrono went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Chrono claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Chrono seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Chrono says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Chrono hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Chrono says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Ciel
Ciel is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ciel comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Ciel about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Ciel is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Ciel is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Ciel isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ciel for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ciel and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Ciel's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Ciel thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Ciel won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Ciel suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Ciel and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Ciel was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Ciel wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Ciel is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Ciel says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Ciel asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Ciel is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Ciel looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Ciel says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Ciel wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Ciel is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Ciel says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Ciel says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Ciel seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Ciel is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Ciel says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Ciel seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Ciel is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Ciel went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Ciel claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Ciel seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Ciel says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Ciel hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Ciel says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Clarisa
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Clarisa asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Clarisa suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Clarisa is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Clarisa has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Clarisa said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Clarisa. Clarisa seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Clarisa is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Clarisa was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Clarisa asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Clarisa falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Clarisa up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Clarisa having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Clarisa is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Clarisa scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Clarisa.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Clarisa falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Clarisa lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Clarisa. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Clarisa is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Clarisa brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Clarisa is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Clarisa is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Clarisa wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Clarisa is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Clarisa is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Clarisa is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Clarisa says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Clarisa seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Clarisa in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Clarisa is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Clarisa says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Clarisa says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Clarisa picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Clarisa is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Clarisa thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Constance
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Constance asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Constance suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Constance is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Constance has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Constance said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Constance. Constance seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Constance is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Constance was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Constance asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Constance falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Constance up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Constance having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Constance is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Constance scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Constance.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Constance falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Constance lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Constance. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Constance is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Constance brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Constance is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Constance comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Constance about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Constance is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Constance is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Constance isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Constance for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Constance and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Constance's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Constance thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Constance won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Constance suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Constance and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Constance was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Constance wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Constance is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Cow Demon Queen
Cow Demon Queen is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Cow Demon Queen comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Cow Demon Queen about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Cow Demon Queen is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Cow Demon Queen is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Cow Demon Queen isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Cow Demon Queen for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Cow Demon Queen and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Cow Demon Queen's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Cow Demon Queen thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Cow Demon Queen won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Cow Demon Queen suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Cow Demon Queen and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Cow Demon Queen was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Cow Demon Queen wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Cow Demon Queen is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

You find Cow Demon Queen depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Cow Demon Queen is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Cow Demon Queen being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Cow Demon Queen is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Cow Demon Queen is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Cow Demon Queen is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Cow Demon Queen seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Cow Demon Queen who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Cow Demon Queen and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Cow Demon Queen looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Cow Demon Queen's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Cow Demon Queen seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Cow Demon Queen.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Cow Demon Queen and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Cow Demon Queen do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Cow Demon Queen. What should you say?
	Well, Cow Demon Queen does have that kind of charm.
Cow Demon Queen is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Cow Demon Queen after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Crocell
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Crocell asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Crocell suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Crocell is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Crocell has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Crocell said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Crocell. Crocell seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Crocell is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Crocell was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Crocell asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Crocell falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Crocell up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Crocell having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Crocell is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Crocell scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Crocell.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Crocell falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Crocell lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Crocell. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Crocell is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Crocell brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

You come across Crocell, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Crocell is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Crocell, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Crocell says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Crocell about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Crocell is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Crocell who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Crocell is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Crocell, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Crocell wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Crocell points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Crocell seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Crocell is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Crocell's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Crocell is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Crocell is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Crovia
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Crovia asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Crovia suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Crovia is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Crovia has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Crovia said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Crovia. Crovia seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Crovia is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Crovia was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Crovia asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Crovia falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Crovia up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Crovia having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Crovia is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Crovia scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Crovia.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Crovia falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Crovia lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Crovia. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Crovia is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Crovia brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Crovia seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Crovia is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Crovia came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Crovia is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Crovia is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Crovia seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Crovia seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Crovia is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Crovia is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Crovia plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Crovia and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Crovia seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Crovia's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Crovia bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Crovia is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Crovia is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Crovia is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Cynthia
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Cynthia asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Cynthia suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Cynthia is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Cynthia has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Cynthia said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Cynthia. Cynthia seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Cynthia is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Cynthia was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Cynthia asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Cynthia falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Cynthia up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Cynthia having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Cynthia is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Cynthia scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Cynthia.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Cynthia falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Cynthia lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Cynthia. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Cynthia is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Cynthia brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Cynthia is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Cynthia is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Cynthia, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Cynthia wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Cynthia looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Cynthia seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Cynthia is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Cynthia is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Cynthia on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Cynthia seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Cynthia seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Cynthia seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Cynthia is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Cynthia is prettier.
Cynthia refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Cynthia is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Cynthia seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Cynthia seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Cynthia looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Cynthia is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Cynthia about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Cyril
Cyril is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Cyril is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Cyril seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Cyril is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Cyril is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Cyril is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Cyril is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Cyril is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Cyril is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Cyril is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Cyril and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Cyril is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Cyril is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Cyril for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Cyril is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Cyril seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Cyril is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Cyril is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Cyril asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Cyril suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Cyril is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Cyril has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Cyril said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Cyril. Cyril seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Cyril is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Cyril was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Cyril asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Cyril falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Cyril up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Cyril having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Cyril is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Cyril scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Cyril.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Cyril falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Cyril lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Cyril. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Cyril is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Cyril brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Dale
Dale is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Dale is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Dale seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Dale is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Dale is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Dale is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Dale is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Dale is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Dale is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Dale is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Dale and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Dale is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Dale is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Dale for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in his dictionary.
Dale is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Dale seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Dale is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Dale is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Dale asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Dale suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Dale is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Dale has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Dale said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Dale. Dale seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Dale is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Dale was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Dale asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Dale falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Dale up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Dale having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Dale is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Dale scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Dale.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Dale falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Dale lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Dale. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Dale is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Dale brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Damien
Damien is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Damien comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Damien about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Damien is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Damien is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Damien isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Damien for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Damien and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Damien's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Damien thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Damien won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Damien suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Damien and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Damien was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Damien wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Damien is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

You find Damien depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Damien is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Damien being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Damien is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Damien is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Damien is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Damien seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Damien who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Damien and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Damien looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Damien's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Damien seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Damien.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Damien and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Damien do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Damien. What should you say?
	Well, Damien does have that kind of charm.
Damien is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Damien after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Death Queen
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Death Queen asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Death Queen suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Death Queen is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Death Queen has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Death Queen said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Death Queen. Death Queen seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Death Queen is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Death Queen was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Death Queen asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Death Queen falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Death Queen up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Death Queen having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Death Queen is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Death Queen scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Death Queen.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Death Queen falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Death Queen lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Death Queen. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Death Queen is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Death Queen brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Death Queen is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Death Queen is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Death Queen wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Death Queen is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Death Queen is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Death Queen is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Death Queen says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Death Queen seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Death Queen in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Death Queen is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Death Queen says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Death Queen says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Death Queen picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Death Queen is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Death Queen thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Didi
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Didi asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Didi suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Didi is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Didi has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Didi said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Didi. Didi seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Didi is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Didi was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Didi asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Didi falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Didi up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Didi having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Didi is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Didi scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Didi.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Didi falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Didi lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Didi. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Didi is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Didi brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Didi says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Didi asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Didi is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Didi looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Didi says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Didi wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Didi is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Didi says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Didi says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Didi seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Didi is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Didi says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Didi seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Didi trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Didi is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Didi went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Didi is in danger! We have to save her!
Didi claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Didi seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Didi says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Didi hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Didi says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Dochi
Dochi is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Dochi is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Dochi seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Dochi is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Dochi is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Dochi is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Dochi is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Dochi is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Dochi is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Dochi is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Dochi and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Dochi is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Dochi is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Dochi for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Dochi is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Dochi seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Dochi is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Dochi is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Dochi seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Dochi is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Dochi came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Dochi is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Dochi is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Dochi seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Dochi seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Dochi is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Dochi is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Dochi plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Dochi and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Dochi seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Dochi's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Dochi bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Dochi is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Dochi is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Dochi is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Draven
Draven is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Draven's eyes met yours a several times and Draven asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Draven warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Draven on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Draven is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Draven is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Draven is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Draven being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Draven is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Draven is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Draven doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Draven's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Draven's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Draven. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Draven's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Draven comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Draven is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Draven.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Draven is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Draven seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Draven says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Draven is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Draven, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Draven announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Draven is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Draven wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Draven is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find him...
You find Draven lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Draven says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Draven wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Draven caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Draven some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Draven seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Draven came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Draven is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Draven seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Draven looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Draven to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Duke
Duke is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Duke is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Duke seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Duke is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Duke is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Duke is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Duke is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Duke is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Duke is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Duke is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Duke and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Duke is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Duke is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Duke for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Duke is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Duke seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Duke is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Duke is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Duke seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Duke is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Duke came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Duke is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Duke is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Duke seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Duke seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Duke is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Duke is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Duke plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Duke and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Duke seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Duke's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Duke bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Duke is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Duke is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Duke is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Durahan
Durahan is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Durahan is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Durahan wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Durahan is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Durahan is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Durahan is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Durahan says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Durahan seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Durahan in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Durahan is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Durahan says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Durahan says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Durahan picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Durahan is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Durahan thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Durahan is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Durahan comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Durahan about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Durahan is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Durahan is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Durahan isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Durahan for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Durahan and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Durahan's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Durahan thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Durahan won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Durahan suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Durahan and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Durahan was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Durahan wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Durahan is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Duran
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Duran asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Duran suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Duran is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Duran has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Duran said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Duran. Duran seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Duran is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Duran was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Duran asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Duran falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Duran up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Duran having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Duran is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Duran scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Duran.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Duran falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Duran lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Duran. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Duran is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Duran brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

You come across Duran, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Duran is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Duran, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Duran says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Duran about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Duran is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Duran who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Duran is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Duran, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Duran wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Duran points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Duran seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Duran is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Duran's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Duran is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Duran is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Dynames
Dynames is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Dynames, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Dynames announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Dynames is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Dynames wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Dynames is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find him.
You find Dynames lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Dynames says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Dynames wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Dynames caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Dynames some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Dynames seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Dynames came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Dynames is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Dynames seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Dynames!
Dynames looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Dynames to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Dynames is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give him an answer.
	Well, you're looking at the one person that is making this team great.
Dynames is angry because he was criticized by his performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm sure the lesson here is that all of us need to learn.
Dynames, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says he didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Stop being embarrassed and just accept the compliments, will you?
Dynames wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(There must be a reason why he started this conversation.)
Dynames looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Isn't it awesome to see the galaxy come together for soccer?
Dynames seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to him.
	It's all good as long as it doesn't affect the match.
Dynames is talking about how famous his rivals are in the Galaxy League. He seems jealous. Let's talk to him.
	Good rivalry brings both sides to higher levels.
Dynames is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's good looking and has a good personality. Maybe that's why.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Dynames on the head while teasing him, and then goes away. Dynames seems angry...
	He's like the wind. There wasn't even time to chat.
The team is at Metro City. Dynames seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how even the minority can be saved in this society.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Dynames seems confused.
	Looks like Ogre is goofing around. I mean the guy has like over 200 pounds over Kuma.
Dynames is spreading the happy news about his cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate him.
	Congratulations!
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Political power means nothing on the field.
Dynames refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to him.
	That's not like you...
Dynames is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	She's kind and sweet. Maybe you'll have a shot?
Dynames seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to him.
	Looks aren't important when it comes to soccer.
Dynames seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give him some advice.
	I like how you're doing your best.
Dynames looks sad because he feels his friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to him?
	It's not your fault. Let's try to find out why this is happening.
It's a tough match, but Dynames is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to him?
	You're a good person.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Dynames about what to do.
	Let's be prepared to take care of her in case her sickness gets worse.

Eden
Eden is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Eden is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Eden wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Eden is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Eden is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Eden is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Eden says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Eden seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Eden in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Eden is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Eden says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Eden says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Eden picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Eden is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Eden thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Eden seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Eden is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Eden came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Eden is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Eden is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Eden seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Eden seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Eden is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Eden is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Eden plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Eden and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Eden seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Eden's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Eden bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Eden is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Eden is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Eden is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Edward
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Edward asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Edward suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Edward is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Edward has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Edward said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Edward. Edward seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Edward is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Edward was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Edward asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Edward falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Edward up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Edward having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Edward is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Edward scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Edward.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Edward falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Edward lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Edward. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Edward is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Edward brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Edward seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Edward is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Edward came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Edward is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Edward is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Edward seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Edward seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Edward is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Edward is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Edward plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Edward and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Edward seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Edward's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Edward bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Edward is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Edward is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Edward is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Elaine
You find Elaine depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Elaine is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Elaine being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Elaine is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Elaine is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Elaine is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Elaine seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Elaine who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Elaine and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Elaine looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Elaine's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Elaine seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Elaine.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Elaine and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Elaine do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Elaine. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Elaine.
Elaine is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Elaine after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Elaine is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Elaine, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Elaine announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Elaine is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Elaine wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Elaine is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Elaine? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Elaine lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Elaine says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Elaine wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Elaine caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Elaine some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Elaine seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Elaine came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Elaine is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Elaine seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Elaine looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Elaine to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Elicia
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Elicia asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Elicia suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Elicia is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Elicia has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Elicia said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Elicia. Elicia seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Elicia is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Elicia was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Elicia asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Elicia falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Elicia up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Elicia having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Elicia is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Elicia scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Elicia.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Elicia falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Elicia lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Elicia. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Elicia is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Elicia brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Elicia is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Elicia is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Elicia, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Elicia wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Elicia looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Elicia seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Elicia is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Elicia is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Elicia on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Elicia seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Elicia seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Elicia seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Elicia is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Elicia is prettier.
Elicia refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Elicia is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Elicia seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Elicia seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Elicia looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Elicia is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Elicia about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Elise
Elise is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Elise is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Elise wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Elise is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Elise is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Elise is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Elise says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Elise seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Elise in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Elise is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Elise says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Elise says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Elise picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Elise is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Elise thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Elise seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Elise is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Elise came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Elise is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Elise is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Elise seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Elise seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Elise is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Elise is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Elise plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Elise and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Elise seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Elise's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Elise bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Elise is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Elise is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Elise is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Elizabeth
Elizabeth is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Elizabeth is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Elizabeth wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Elizabeth is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Elizabeth is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Elizabeth is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Elizabeth says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Elizabeth seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Elizabeth in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Elizabeth is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Elizabeth says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Elizabeth says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Elizabeth picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Elizabeth is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Elizabeth thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Elizabeth says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Elizabeth asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Elizabeth is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Elizabeth looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Elizabeth says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Elizabeth wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Elizabeth is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Elizabeth says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Elizabeth says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Elizabeth seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Elizabeth is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Elizabeth says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Elizabeth seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Elizabeth.
Elizabeth is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Elizabeth went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Elizabeth claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Elizabeth seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Elizabeth says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Elizabeth hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Elizabeth says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Elliot
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Elliot is asking how he did in the match.
	It was pretty scary watching you so pleased with the rough plays of the opponents.
Elliot looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like cats. I like the egoistic side of them.
You come across Elliot thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	I'm sure you can find pleasure inside of the violence of the field.
Elliot is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	You will be happy, while that feeling lasts.
Elliot blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	Hmm, I'll prepare a rougher match.
Elliot is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	Good. I'll train you until you can't stand up.
Elliot did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	That wasn't enough! You have to try harder!
Elliot is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Boxing. I like that feeling when I get hit by a punch.
Elliot feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...Do you want to spend the rest of your life being with an abusive herbivore like alien creature? 
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Elliot about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Elliot's underwear.
Elliot continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(He looks happy. Let's let him be.)
Elliot is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Slap him.)
It's dinner time and Elliot is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell him to put the carrots in the soup on Hildegard's plate.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Elliot to do?
	(Step on everyone that's still sleeping.)
Elliot says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	It's fine. Eat up.
Elliot is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	The tougher it gets, the better it feels to win. Right?
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Elliot running up ahead.
	(Run past him and smile.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Elliot's shoe.
	(Ignore it.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Slap the player in the back of the head.)
Elliot hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	It seems as if pain is what keeps you going...

Elliot is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Elliot is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Elliot wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Elliot is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Elliot is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Elliot is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Elliot says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Elliot seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Elliot in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Elliot is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Elliot says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Elliot says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Elliot picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Elliot is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Elliot thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Elua
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Elua asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Elua suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Elua is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Elua has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Elua said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Elua. Elua seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Elua is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Elua was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Elua asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Elua falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Elua up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Elua having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Elua is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Elua scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Elua.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Elua falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Elua lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Elua. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Elua is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Elua brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Elua depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Elua is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Elua being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Elua is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Elua is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Elua is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Elua seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Elua who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Elua and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Elua looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Elua's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Elua seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Elua.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Elua and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Elua do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Elua. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Elua.
Elua is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Elua after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Enthia
Enthia is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Enthia is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Enthia seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Enthia is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Enthia is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Enthia is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Enthia is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Enthia is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Enthia is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Enthia is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Enthia and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Enthia is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Enthia is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Enthia for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Enthia is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Enthia seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Enthia is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Enthia is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Enthia says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Enthia asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Enthia is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Enthia looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Enthia says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Enthia wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Enthia is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Enthia says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Enthia says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Enthia seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Enthia is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Enthia says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Enthia seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Enthia trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Enthia is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Enthia went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Enthia is in danger! We have to save her!
Enthia claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Enthia seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Enthia says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Enthia hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Enthia says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Ere Ere
Ere Ere says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Ere Ere asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Ere Ere is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Ere Ere looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Ere Ere says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Ere Ere wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Ere Ere is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Ere Ere says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Ere Ere says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Ere Ere seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Ere Ere is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Ere Ere says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Ere Ere seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Ere Ere.
Ere Ere is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Ere Ere went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Ere Ere claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Ere Ere seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Ere Ere says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Ere Ere hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Ere Ere says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Ere Ere is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Ere Ere, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Ere Ere announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Ere Ere is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Ere Ere wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Ere Ere is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Ere Ere lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Ere Ere says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Ere Ere wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Ere Ere caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ere Ere some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ere Ere seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Ere Ere came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Ere Ere is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ere Ere seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Ere Ere!
Ere Ere looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ere Ere to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Erica
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Erica asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Erica suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Erica is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Erica has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Erica said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Erica. Erica seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Erica is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Erica was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Erica asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Erica falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Erica up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Erica having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Erica is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Erica scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Erica.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Erica falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Erica lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Erica. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Erica is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Erica brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Erica says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Erica asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Erica is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Erica looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Erica says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Erica wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Erica is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Erica says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Erica says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Erica seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Erica is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Erica says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Erica seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Erica trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Erica is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Erica went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Erica is in danger! We have to save her!
Erica claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Erica seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Erica says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Erica hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Erica says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Ernesto
Ernesto is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ernesto, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ernesto announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ernesto is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ernesto wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ernesto is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ernesto? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Ernesto lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ernesto says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ernesto wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ernesto caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ernesto some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ernesto seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ernesto came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ernesto is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ernesto seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ernesto looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ernesto to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Ernesto seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Ernesto is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Ernesto came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Ernesto is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Ernesto is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Ernesto seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Ernesto seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Ernesto is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Ernesto is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Ernesto plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Ernesto and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Ernesto seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Ernesto's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Ernesto bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Ernesto is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Ernesto is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Ernesto is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Estella
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Estella asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Estella suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Estella is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Estella has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Estella said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Estella. Estella seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Estella is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Estella was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Estella asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Estella falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Estella up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Estella having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Estella is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Estella scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Estella.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Estella falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Estella lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Estella. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Estella is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Estella brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Estella is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Estella comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Estella about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Estella is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Estella is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Estella isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Estella for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Estella and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Estella's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Estella thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Estella won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Estella suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Estella and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Estella was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Estella wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Estella is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Evylin
Evylin is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Evylin's eyes met yours a several times and Evylin asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Evylin warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Evylin on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Evylin is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Evylin is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Evylin is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Evylin being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Evylin is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Evylin is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Evylin doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Evylin's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Evylin's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Evylin. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Evylin's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Evylin comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Evylin is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Evylin.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Evylin is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Evylin seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Evylin says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Evylin asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Evylin suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Evylin is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Evylin has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Evylin said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Evylin. Evylin seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Evylin is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Evylin was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Evylin asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Evylin falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Evylin up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Evylin having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Evylin is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Evylin scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Evylin.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Evylin falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Evylin lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Evylin. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Evylin is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Evylin brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Felix
Felix is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Felix is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Felix wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Felix is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Felix is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Felix is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Felix says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Felix seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Felix in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Felix is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Felix says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Felix says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Felix picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Felix is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Felix thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Felix says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Felix asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Felix is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Felix looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Felix says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Felix wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Felix is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	Life is a light of its own.
Felix says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Felix says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Felix seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Felix is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Felix says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Felix seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Felix trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Felix is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Felix went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Felix is in danger! We have to save him!
Felix claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Felix seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Felix says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Felix hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Felix says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Fizz
Fizz is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Fizz is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Fizz wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Fizz is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Fizz is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Fizz is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Fizz says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Fizz seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Fizz in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Fizz is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Fizz says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Fizz says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Fizz picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Fizz is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Fizz thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Fizz seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Fizz is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Fizz came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Fizz is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Fizz is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Fizz seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Fizz seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Fizz is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Fizz is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Fizz plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Fizz and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Fizz seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Fizz's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Fizz bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Fizz is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Fizz is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Fizz is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Fontus
Fontus is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Fontus comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Fontus about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Fontus is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Fontus is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Fontus isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Fontus for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Fontus and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Fontus's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Fontus thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Fontus won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Fontus suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Fontus and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Fontus was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Fontus wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Fontus is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Fontus seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Fontus is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Fontus came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Fontus is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Fontus is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Fontus seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Fontus seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Fontus is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Fontus is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Fontus plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Fontus and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Fontus seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Fontus's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Fontus bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Fontus is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Fontus is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Fontus is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Fredrica
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Fredrica is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Fredrica looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Fredrica thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Fredrica is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Fredrica blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Fredrica is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Fredrica did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Fredrica is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Fredrica feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Fredrica about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Fredrica continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Fredrica is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Fredrica is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Fredrica to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Fredrica says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Fredrica is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Fredrica running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Fredrica's shoe.
	(Tell Fredrica who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Fredrica.)
Fredrica hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

You come across Fredrica, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Fredrica is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Fredrica, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Fredrica says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Fredrica about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Fredrica is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Fredrica who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Fredrica is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Fredrica, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Fredrica wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Fredrica points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Fredrica seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Fredrica is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Fredrica's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Fredrica is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Fredrica is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Freyja
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Freyja asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Freyja suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Freyja is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Freyja has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Freyja said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Freyja. Freyja seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Freyja is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Freyja was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Freyja asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Freyja falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Freyja up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Freyja having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Freyja is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Freyja scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Freyja.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Freyja falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Freyja lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Freyja. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Freyja is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Freyja brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Freyja is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Freyja, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Freyja announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Freyja is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Freyja wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Freyja is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Freyja? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Freyja lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Freyja says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Freyja wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Freyja caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Freyja some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Freyja seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Freyja came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Freyja is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Freyja seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Freyja looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Freyja to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Freyja is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	The opponents are mesmerized by the beauty of our players.
After a meeting, Freyja's eyes met yours a several times and Freyja asks if she has something on her face.
	Yeah, Kuma's hat...
With a serious look on her face, Freyja warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Why does an ordinary advice sound so strange...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Freyja on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I think it should be you, but will you be able to return to your normal life after all of this is...Wait, I'm going off topic, right?
Freyja is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Look at the beautiful players! This is paradise!
Freyja is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	...If you want to say something, it's alright. I'll be listening.
Freyja is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	My Nari dakimakura! She's the best idol in the universe and is super strong.
You find Freyja being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Can't you do that more often?! (Cries)
Freyja is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	It's impossible to focus on a field with so many handsome men.
Freyja is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	That bear...Is a hero...!
Freyja doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	There's not enough fan service.
It's Freyja's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	I stole this treasure box from Kuma.
You see Freyja's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Freyja. What should we do?
	Tell me if you like her. Just say the words and I'll scout her.
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	Manga, anime, and figures...! Here I come!
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Freyja's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This is our chance to steal his precious collection.
Freyja comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	So, how does this work? Do I tap ''Sell''?
Freyja is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Freyja.
	I think we should come up with an action speed deck or go for counterattacks...
Freyja is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	So, is that king entering the Galaxy League?
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Freyja seems to be interested.
	I'll give you this, so get rid of that fake ticket.
Freyja says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's start by picking their defenses apart.

Furion
Furion is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Furion's eyes met yours a several times and Furion asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Furion warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Furion on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Furion is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Furion is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Furion is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Furion being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Furion is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Furion is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Furion doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Furion's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Furion's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Furion. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Furion's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Furion comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Furion is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Furion.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Furion is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Furion seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Furion says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

You find Furion depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Furion is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Furion being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Furion is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Furion is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Furion is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Furion seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Furion who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Furion and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Furion looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Furion's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Furion seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Furion.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Furion and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Furion do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Furion. What should you say?
	Well, Furion does have that kind of charm.
Furion is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Furion after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Fuse Ro
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Fuse Ro asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Fuse Ro suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Fuse Ro is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Fuse Ro has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Fuse Ro said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Fuse Ro. Fuse Ro seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Fuse Ro is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Fuse Ro was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Fuse Ro asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Fuse Ro falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Fuse Ro up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Fuse Ro having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Fuse Ro is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Fuse Ro scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Fuse Ro.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Fuse Ro falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Fuse Ro lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Fuse Ro. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Fuse Ro is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Fuse Ro brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Fuse Ro seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Fuse Ro is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Fuse Ro came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Fuse Ro is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Fuse Ro is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Fuse Ro seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Fuse Ro seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Fuse Ro is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Fuse Ro is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Fuse Ro plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Fuse Ro and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Fuse Ro seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Fuse Ro's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Fuse Ro bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Fuse Ro is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Fuse Ro is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Fuse Ro is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Gaphyl
You find Gaphyl depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Gaphyl is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Gaphyl being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Gaphyl is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Gaphyl is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Gaphyl is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Gaphyl seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Gaphyl who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Gaphyl and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Gaphyl looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Gaphyl's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Gaphyl seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Gaphyl.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Gaphyl and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Gaphyl do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Gaphyl. What should you say?
	Well, Gaphyl does have that kind of charm.
Gaphyl is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Gaphyl after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Gaphyl seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Gaphyl is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Gaphyl came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Gaphyl is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Gaphyl is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Gaphyl seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Gaphyl seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Gaphyl is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Gaphyl is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Gaphyl plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Gaphyl and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Gaphyl seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Gaphyl's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Gaphyl bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Gaphyl is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Gaphyl is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Gaphyl is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Gerrard
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Gerrard is asking how he did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Gerrard looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Gerrard thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Gerrard is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Gerrard blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Gerrard is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Gerrard did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Gerrard is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Gerrard feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Gerrard about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Gerrard continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide him by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Gerrard is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Gerrard is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of him.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Gerrard to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Gerrard says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Gerrard is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Gerrard running up ahead.
	(Let him steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Gerrard's shoe.
	(Tell Gerrard who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Gerrard.)
Gerrard hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Gerrard is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Gerrard's eyes met yours a several times and Gerrard asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Gerrard warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Gerrard on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Gerrard is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Gerrard is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Gerrard is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Gerrard being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Gerrard is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Gerrard is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Gerrard doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Gerrard's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Gerrard's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Gerrard. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Gerrard's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Gerrard comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Gerrard is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Gerrard.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Gerrard is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Gerrard seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Gerrard says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Gerrard asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Gerrard suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Gerrard is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Gerrard has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Gerrard said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Gerrard. Gerrard seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Gerrard is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Gerrard was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Gerrard asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Gerrard falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Gerrard up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Gerrard having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Gerrard is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Gerrard scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Gerrard.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Gerrard falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Gerrard lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Gerrard. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Gerrard is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Gerrard brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Grace
Grace says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Grace asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Grace is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Grace looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Grace says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Grace wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Grace is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Grace says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Grace says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Grace seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Grace is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Grace says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Grace seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Grace is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Grace went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Grace claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Grace seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Grace says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Grace hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Grace says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Grace asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Grace is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Grace is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Grace is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Grace seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Grace asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Grace heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Grace, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Grace seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Grace is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Grace is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Grace's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Grace's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Grace and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Grace's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Grace fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Grace is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Grace is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Grace is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Grace is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Grace is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Griffith
Griffith is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Griffith is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Griffith wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Griffith is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Griffith is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Griffith is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Griffith says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Griffith seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Griffith in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Griffith is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Griffith says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Griffith says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Griffith picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Griffith is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Griffith thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Griffith depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Griffith is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Griffith being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Griffith is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Griffith is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Griffith is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Griffith seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Griffith who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Griffith and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Griffith looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Griffith's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Griffith seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Griffith.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Griffith and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Griffith do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Griffith. What should you say?
	Well, Griffith does have that kind of charm.
Griffith is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Griffith after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Guinevere
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Guinevere asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Guinevere suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Guinevere is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Guinevere has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Guinevere said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Guinevere. Guinevere seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Guinevere is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Guinevere was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Guinevere asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Guinevere falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Guinevere up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Guinevere having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Guinevere is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Guinevere scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Guinevere.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Guinevere falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Guinevere lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Guinevere. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Guinevere is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Guinevere brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find Guinevere depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Guinevere is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Guinevere being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Guinevere is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Guinevere is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Guinevere is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Guinevere seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Guinevere who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Guinevere and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Guinevere looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Guinevere's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Guinevere seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Guinevere.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Guinevere and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Guinevere do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Guinevere. What should you say?
	Well, Guinevere does have that kind of charm.
Guinevere is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Guinevere after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Hamerus
Hamerus is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Hamerus is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Hamerus seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Hamerus is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Hamerus is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Hamerus is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Hamerus is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Hamerus is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Hamerus is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Hamerus is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Hamerus and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Hamerus is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Hamerus is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Hamerus for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Hamerus is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Hamerus seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Hamerus is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Hamerus is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Hamerus is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Hamerus comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Hamerus about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Hamerus is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Hamerus is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Hamerus isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Hamerus for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Hamerus and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Hamerus's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Hamerus thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Hamerus won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Hamerus suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Hamerus and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Hamerus was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Hamerus wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Hamerus is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Haru
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Haru asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Haru suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Haru is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Haru has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Haru said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Haru. Haru seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Haru is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Haru was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Haru asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Haru falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Haru up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Haru having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Haru is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Haru scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Haru.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Haru falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Haru lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Haru. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Haru is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Haru brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Haru is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	It's all because nobody on this team cares about strategy! This is nonsense!
Haru is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's stressful because we can't prepare for extraterrestrial sanitation. We're completely exposed to all those unknown...things.
Haru wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Perfect planning and perfect execution.
Haru is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Life, eh? I guess that's a bit too serious for me, but I think I understand how you feel.
Haru is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	How about some presents for your parents?
Haru is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My teammates and their flawless play!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I heard that the bath products on Earth are the best in the universe.
Haru says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	That's bad. I'm sure it's something important!
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	I can't stand this...I need to end this quickly and go take a shower.
Haru seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	The eyepatch...I wonder if she washes it. She seems to have it on at all times.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Haru in the face!
	Ugh...Gross...
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I could throw the ball and continue the match, but my honor wouldn't allow that.
Haru is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	You've become better. Now you need to focus on staying that way.
Haru says that the Swirlies are missing.
	I evolved them.
Haru says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	That's unacceptable!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Ugh...I want to dig my eyes out.
Haru picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Let's contact her and return this.
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Well, now what?
Haru is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	Do I have to stop the match?
Haru thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Hmm, her tail is a bit weird and her ears are definitely human...

Helen
Helen is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Helen is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Helen wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Helen is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Helen is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Helen is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Helen says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Helen seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Helen in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Helen is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Helen says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Helen says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Helen picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Helen is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Helen thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Helen seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Helen is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Helen came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Helen is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Helen is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Helen seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Helen seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Helen is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Helen is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Helen plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Helen and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Helen seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Helen's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Helen bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Helen is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Helen is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Helen is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Helena
Helena is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Helena comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Helena about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Helena is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Helena is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Helena isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Helena for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Helena and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Helena's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Helena thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Helena won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Helena suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Helena and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Helena was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Helena wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Helena is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Helena says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Helena asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Helena is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Helena looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Helena says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Helena wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Helena is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Helena says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Helena says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Helena seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Helena is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Helena says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Helena seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Helena.
Helena is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Helena went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Helena claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Helena seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Helena says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Helena hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Helena says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Hercules
Hercules is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Hercules, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Hercules announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Hercules is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Hercules wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Hercules is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Hercules? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Hercules lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Hercules says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Hercules wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Hercules caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Hercules some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Hercules seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Hercules came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Hercules is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Hercules seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Hercules looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Hercules to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Hercules is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Hercules comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Hercules about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Hercules is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Hercules is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Hercules isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Hercules for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Hercules and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Hercules's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Hercules thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Hercules won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Hercules suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Hercules and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Hercules was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Hercules wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Hercules is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Hermod
Hermod is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Hermod is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Hermod seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Hermod is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Hermod is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Hermod is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Hermod is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Hermod is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Hermod is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Hermod is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Hermod and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Hermod is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Hermod is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Hermod for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Hermod is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Hermod seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Hermod is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Hermod is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

You find Hermod depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Hermod is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Hermod being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Hermod is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Hermod is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Hermod is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Hermod seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Hermod who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Hermod and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Hermod looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Hermod's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Hermod seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Hermod.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Hermod and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Hermod do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Hermod. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Hermod is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Hermod after the match. Let's barge in.
	Hermod was fantastic on the field, right?

Hildegard
Hildegard is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Hildegard comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Hildegard about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Hildegard is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Hildegard is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Hildegard isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Hildegard for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Hildegard and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Hildegard's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Hildegard thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Hildegard won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Hildegard suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Hildegard and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Hildegard was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Hildegard wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Hildegard is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Hildegard says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Hildegard asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Hildegard is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Hildegard looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Hildegard says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Hildegard wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Hildegard is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Hildegard says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Hildegard says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Hildegard seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Hildegard is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Hildegard says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Hildegard seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Hildegard.
Hildegard is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Hildegard went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Hildegard claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Hildegard seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Hildegard says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Hildegard hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Hildegard says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Hines
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Hines asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Hines suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Hines is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Hines has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Hines said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Hines. Hines seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Hines is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Hines was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Hines asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Hines falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Hines up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Hines having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Hines is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Hines scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Hines.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Hines falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Hines lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Hines. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Hines is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Hines brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Hines is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	We haven't awakened our TRUE powers! We have to go further beyond!
Hines is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place where the chosen ones learn about their destiny.
Hines wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	All goes as planned...Hmm? Just ignore that.
Hines is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	And that's how we walk towards our destiny.
Hines is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	This is your chance to buy the hottest fashion items in space!
Hines is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My friends from previous life...They would be pleased to see me win.
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I'm going to check out the new comic issues. Wanna come along?
Hines says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	Hmm, a revived person that forgot his purpose...Reminds me of somebody.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	What a depressing weather...
Hines seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	That's a dangerous secret you're trying to find out about. Do you still want to know?
Ogre's pony tail slapped Hines in the face!
	Even his hair is a weapon! Is that even allowed?
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I guess I finally get to meet my archnemesis.
Hines is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	I knew this day would come.
Hines says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They were sacrificed as material for a greater cause.
Hines says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	You can only find your true potential when you don't rely on your skills!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Fontus...You sure are my archnemesis!
Hines picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	So, this is how the revelation begins!
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Come back Huginn! Wait, is it Muninn?
Hines is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's time, Hines! Awaken the 6th attribute and show your true powers!
Hines thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	That's because you haven't opened up your ''third eye''!

Hiro
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Hiro asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Hiro suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Hiro is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Hiro has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Hiro said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Hiro. Hiro seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Hiro is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Hiro was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Hiro asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Hiro falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Hiro up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Hiro having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Hiro is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Hiro scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Hiro.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Hiro falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Hiro lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Hiro. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Hiro is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Hiro brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You come across Hiro, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Hiro is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Hiro, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Hiro says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Hiro about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Hiro is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Hiro who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Hiro is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Hiro, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He's truly a role model to us all with his skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Hiro wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Hiro points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Hiro seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Hiro is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Hiro's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Hiro is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Hiro is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Honesia
Honesia is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Honesia's eyes met yours a several times and Honesia asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Honesia warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Honesia on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Honesia is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Honesia is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Honesia is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Honesia being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Honesia is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Honesia is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Honesia doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Honesia's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Honesia's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Honesia. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Honesia's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Honesia comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Honesia is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Honesia.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Honesia is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Honesia seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Honesia says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Honesia asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Honesia is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Honesia is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Honesia is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Honesia seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Honesia asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Honesia heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Honesia, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Honesia seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Honesia is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Honesia is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Honesia's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Honesia's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Honesia and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Honesia's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Honesia fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Honesia is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Honesia is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Honesia is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Honesia is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Honesia is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Horan
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Horan asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Horan suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Horan is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Horan has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Horan said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Horan. Horan seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Horan is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Horan was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Horan asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Horan falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Horan up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Horan having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Horan is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Horan scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Horan.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Horan falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Horan lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Horan. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Horan is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Horan brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find Horan depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Horan is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Horan being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Horan is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Horan is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Horan is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Horan seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Horan who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Horan and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Horan looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Horan's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Horan seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Horan.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Horan and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Horan do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Horan. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Horan.
Horan is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Horan after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Hyang Ran, the Shaman
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Hyang Ran, the Shaman in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Hyang Ran, the Shaman picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Hyang Ran, the Shaman says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Hyang Ran, the Shaman seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Hyang Ran, the Shaman claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Hyang Ran, the Shaman hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Hyang Ran, the Shaman says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Hyun
You find Hyun depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Hyun is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Hyun being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Hyun is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Hyun is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Hyun is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Hyun seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Hyun who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Hyun and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Hyun looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Hyun's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Hyun seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Hyun.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Hyun and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Hyun do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Hyun. What should you say?
	Well, Hyun does have that kind of charm.
Hyun is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Hyun after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Hyun is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Hyun, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Hyun announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Hyun is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Hyun wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Hyun is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Hyun lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Hyun says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Hyun wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Hyun caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Hyun some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Hyun seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Hyun came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Hyun is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Hyun seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Hyun!
Hyun looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Hyun to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Iggy
Iggy is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Iggy is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Iggy seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Iggy is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Iggy is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Iggy is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Iggy is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Iggy is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Iggy is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Iggy is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Iggy and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Iggy is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Iggy is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Iggy for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in her dictionary.
Iggy is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Iggy seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Iggy is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Iggy is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

Iggy seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Iggy is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Iggy came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Iggy is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Iggy is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Iggy seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Iggy seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Iggy is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Iggy is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Iggy plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Iggy and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Iggy seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Iggy's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Iggy bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Iggy is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Iggy is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Iggy is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Igrit
Igrit is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Igrit comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Igrit about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Igrit is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Igrit is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Igrit isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Igrit for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Igrit and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Igrit's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Igrit thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Igrit won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Igrit suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Igrit and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Igrit was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Igrit wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Igrit is standing still doing nothing.
	What is she doing? Is she a totem?

You find Igrit depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Igrit is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Igrit being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Igrit is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Igrit is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Igrit is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Igrit seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Igrit who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Igrit and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Igrit looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Igrit's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Igrit seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Igrit.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Igrit and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Igrit do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Igrit. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Igrit is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Igrit after the match. Let's barge in.
	Igrit was fantastic on the field, right?

Irin
Irin is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Irin is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Irin seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Irin is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Irin is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Irin is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Irin is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Irin is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Irin is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Irin is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Irin and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Irin is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Irin is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Irin for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Irin is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Irin seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Irin is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Irin is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Irin asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Irin suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Irin is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Irin has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Irin said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Irin. Irin seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Irin is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Irin was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Irin asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Irin falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Irin up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Irin having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Irin is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Irin scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Irin.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Irin falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Irin lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Irin. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Irin is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Irin brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Iris
Iris is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Iris's eyes met yours a several times and Iris asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Iris warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Iris on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Iris is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Iris is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Iris is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Iris being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Iris is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Iris is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Iris doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Iris's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Iris's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Iris. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Iris's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Iris comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Iris is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Iris.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Iris is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Iris seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Iris says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Iris says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Iris asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Iris is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Iris looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Iris says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Iris wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Iris is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Iris says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Iris says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Iris seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Iris is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Iris says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Iris seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Iris trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Iris is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Iris went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Iris is in danger! We have to save her!
Iris claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Iris seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Iris says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Iris hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Iris says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Irre
Irre is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Irre comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Irre about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Irre is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Irre is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Irre isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Irre for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Irre and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Irre's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Irre thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Irre won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Irre suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Irre and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Irre was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Irre wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Irre is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Irre seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Irre is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Irre came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Irre is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Irre is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Irre seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Irre seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Irre is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Irre is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Irre plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Irre and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Irre seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Irre's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Irre bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Irre is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Irre is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Irre is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Irru
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Irru asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Irru suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Irru is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Irru has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Irru said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Irru. Irru seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Irru is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Irru was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Irru asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Irru falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Irru up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Irru having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Irru is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Irru scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Irru.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Irru falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Irru lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Irru. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Irru is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Irru brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Irru is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Irru is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Irru wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Irru is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Irru is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Irru is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Irru says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Irru seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Irru in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Irru is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Irru says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Irru says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Irru picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Irru is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Irru thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Isillia
Isillia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Isillia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Isillia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Isillia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Isillia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Isillia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Isillia for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Isillia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Isillia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Isillia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Isillia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Isillia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Isillia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Isillia was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Isillia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Isillia is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You come across Isillia, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Isillia is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Isillia, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Isillia says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Isillia about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Isillia is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Isillia who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Isillia is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Isillia, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Isillia wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Isillia points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Isillia seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Isillia is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Isillia's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Isillia is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Isillia is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Jackson
Jackson says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Jackson asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Jackson is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Jackson looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Jackson says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Jackson wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Jackson is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Jackson says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Jackson says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Jackson seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Jackson is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Jackson says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Jackson seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Jackson is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Jackson went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Jackson claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Jackson seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Jackson says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Jackson hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Jackson says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Jackson is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Jackson, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Jackson announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Jackson is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Jackson wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Jackson is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Jackson? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Jackson lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Jackson says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Jackson wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Jackson caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jackson some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jackson seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Jackson came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Jackson is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jackson seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Jackson looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jackson to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Jacob
Jacob is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Jacob is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Jacob seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Jacob is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Jacob is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Jacob is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Jacob is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Jacob is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Jacob is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Jacob is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Jacob and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Jacob is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Jacob is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Jacob for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Jacob is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Jacob seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Jacob is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Jacob is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Jacob seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Jacob is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Jacob came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Jacob is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Jacob is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Jacob seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Jacob seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Jacob is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Jacob is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Jacob plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Jacob and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Jacob seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Jacob's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Jacob bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Jacob is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Jacob is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Jacob is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Jade Rakshasa
Jade Rakshasa is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	We have a strong lineup of players that make our star players shine brighter.
Jade Rakshasa is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I admit it. You're the best in the team.
Jade Rakshasa, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	I know.
Jade Rakshasa wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(She wants you to be a good listener.)
Jade Rakshasa looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	What were you expecting? An intergalactic war?
Jade Rakshasa seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Just say it. You're jealous.
Jade Rakshasa is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	You're as good as they are, I'd say you deserve more credit.
Jade Rakshasa is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's popular, just not as much as me.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Jade Rakshasa on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Jade Rakshasa seems angry...
	Patting you on the head? He must not fear for his life!
The team is at Metro City. Jade Rakshasa seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how they don't mind physical flaws.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Jade Rakshasa seems confused.
	Well, one thing is for sure. One of them did something stupid.
Jade Rakshasa is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	I hope that baby comes to be a great soccer player, just like you.
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Hmm? What's wrong everybody?
Jade Rakshasa refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Well that's absolutely fine if you can actually prove that you're the best.
Jade Rakshasa is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Considering your personality, I think she'll accept you.
Jade Rakshasa seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	I think that's a good choice.
Jade Rakshasa seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	With your skills and dedication, I have no doubt that you will.
Jade Rakshasa looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	If your friend is truly your friend, she will understand.
It's a tough match, but Jade Rakshasa is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	You really help us a lot in these situations.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Jade Rakshasa about what to do.
	Let's leave her alone. She may find all this attention uncomfortable.

Jade Rakshasa seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Jade Rakshasa is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Jade Rakshasa came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Jade Rakshasa is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Jade Rakshasa is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Jade Rakshasa seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Jade Rakshasa seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Jade Rakshasa is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Jade Rakshasa is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Jade Rakshasa plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Jade Rakshasa and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Jade Rakshasa seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Jade Rakshasa's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Jade Rakshasa bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Jade Rakshasa is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Jade Rakshasa is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Jade Rakshasa is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

James
James is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
James, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
James announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
James is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
James wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that James is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	James? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find James lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
James says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
James wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
James caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give James some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. James seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
James came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
James is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. James seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
James looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with James to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

James seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, James is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
James came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
James is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and James is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
James seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
James seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
James is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
James is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
James plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with James and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
James seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
James's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, James bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
James is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
James is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. James is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Jang
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Jang asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Jang suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Jang is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Jang has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Jang said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Jang. Jang seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Jang is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Jang was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Jang asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Jang falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Jang up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Jang having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Jang is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Jang scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Jang.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Jang falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Jang lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Jang. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Jang is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Jang brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Jang is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Jang, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Jang announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Jang is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Jang wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Jang is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Jang? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Jang lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Jang says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Jang wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Jang caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jang some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jang seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Jang came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Jang is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jang seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Jang looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jang to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Jay
Jay is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Jay is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Jay seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Jay is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Jay is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Jay is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Jay is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Jay is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Jay is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Jay is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Jay and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Jay is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Jay is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Jay for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Jay is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Jay seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Jay is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Jay is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Jay asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Jay suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Jay is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Jay has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Jay said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Jay. Jay seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Jay is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Jay was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Jay asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Jay falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Jay up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Jay having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Jay is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Jay scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Jay.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Jay falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Jay lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Jay. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Jay is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Jay brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Jayce
Jayce is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Jayce's eyes met yours a several times and Jayce asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Jayce warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Jayce on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Jayce is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Jayce is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Jayce is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Jayce being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Jayce is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Jayce is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Jayce doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Jayce's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Jayce's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Jayce. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Jayce's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Jayce comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Jayce is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Jayce.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Jayce is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Jayce seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Jayce says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Jayce is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Jayce comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Jayce about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Jayce is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Jayce is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Jayce isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Jayce for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Jayce and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Jayce's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Jayce thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Jayce won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Jayce suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Jayce and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Jayce was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Jayce wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Jayce is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Jean
You find Jean depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Jean is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Jean being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Jean is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Jean is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Jean is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Jean seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Jean who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Jean and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Jean looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Jean's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Jean seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Jean.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Jean and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Jean do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Jean. What should you say?
	Well, Jean does have that kind of charm.
Jean is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Jean after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Jean is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give him an answer.
	We have a strong lineup of players that make our star players shine brighter.
Jean is angry because he was criticized by his performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give him an answer.
	I admit it. You're the best in the team.
Jean, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says he didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	I know.
Jean wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(He wants you to be a good listener.)
Jean looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	What were you expecting? An intergalactic war?
Jean seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to him.
	Just say it. You're jealous.
Jean is talking about how famous his rivals are in the Galaxy League. He seems jealous. Let's talk to him.
	You're as good as they are, I'd say you deserve more credit.
Jean is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's popular, just not as much as me.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Jean on the head while teasing him, and then goes away. Jean seems angry...
	Patting you on the head? He must not fear for his life!
The team is at Metro City. Jean seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how they don't mind physical flaws.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Jean seems confused.
	Well, one thing is for sure. One of them did something stupid.
Jean is spreading the happy news about his cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate him.
	I hope that baby comes to be a great soccer player, just like you.
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Hmm? What's wrong everybody?
Jean refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to him.
	Well that's absolutely fine if you can actually prove that you're the best.
Jean is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Considering your personality, I think she'll accept you.
Jean seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to him.
	I think that's a good choice.
Jean seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give him some advice.
	With your skills and dedication, I have no doubt that you will.
Jean looks sad because he feels his friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to him?
	If your friend is truly your friend, he will understand.
It's a tough match, but Jean is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to him?
	You really help us a lot in these situations.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Jean about what to do.
	Let's leave her alone. She may find all this attention uncomfortable.

Jenny
You find Jenny depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Jenny is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Jenny being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Jenny is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Jenny is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Jenny is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Jenny seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Jenny who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Jenny and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Jenny looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Jenny's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Jenny seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Jenny.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Jenny and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Jenny do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Jenny. What should you say?
	Well, Jenny does have that kind of charm.
Jenny is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Jenny after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Jenny is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Jenny, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Jenny announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Jenny is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Jenny wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Jenny is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Jenny lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Jenny says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Jenny wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Jenny caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jenny some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jenny seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Jenny came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Jenny is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jenny seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Jenny!
Jenny looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jenny to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Jess
Jess is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Jess, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Jess announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Jess is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Jess wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Jess is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Jess? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Jess lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Jess says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Jess wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Jess caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jess some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jess seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Jess came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Jess is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jess seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Jess looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jess to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Jess is asking how he did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Jess looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Jess thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Jess is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Jess blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Jess is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	If that's your wish.
Jess did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Jess is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Jess feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Jess about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Jess continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Jess is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick him out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Jess is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell him that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Jess to do?
	They all need scolding.
Jess says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Jess is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Jess running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Jess's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Jess hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Jeunese
Jeunese is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Jeunese is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Jeunese wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Jeunese is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Jeunese is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Jeunese is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Jeunese says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Jeunese seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Jeunese in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Jeunese is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Jeunese says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Jeunese says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Jeunese picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Jeunese is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Jeunese thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Jeunese says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Jeunese asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Jeunese is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Jeunese looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Jeunese says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Jeunese wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Jeunese is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Jeunese says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Jeunese says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Jeunese seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Jeunese is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Jeunese says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Jeunese seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Jeunese is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Jeunese went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Jeunese claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Jeunese seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Jeunese says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Jeunese hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Jeunese says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Jheet
Jheet is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Jheet, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Jheet announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Jheet is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Jheet wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Jheet is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Jheet? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Jheet lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Jheet says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Jheet wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Jheet caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jheet some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jheet seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Jheet came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Jheet is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jheet seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Jheet looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jheet to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Jheet seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Jheet is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Jheet came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Jheet is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Jheet is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Jheet seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Jheet seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Jheet is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Jheet is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Jheet plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Jheet and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Jheet seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Jheet's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Jheet bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Jheet is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Jheet is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Jheet is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Jibril
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Jibril asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Jibril suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Jibril is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Jibril has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Jibril said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Jibril. Jibril seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Jibril is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Jibril was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Jibril asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Jibril falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Jibril up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Jibril having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Jibril is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Jibril scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Jibril.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Jibril falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Jibril lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Jibril. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Jibril is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Jibril brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

You come across Jibril, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Jibril is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Jibril, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Jibril says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Jibril about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Jibril is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Jibril who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Jibril is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Jibril, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Jibril wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Jibril points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Jibril seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Jibril is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Jibril's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Jibril is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Jibril is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Jiho
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Jiho asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Jiho suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Jiho is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Jiho has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Jiho said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Jiho. Jiho seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Jiho is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Jiho was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Jiho asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Jiho falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Jiho up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Jiho having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Jiho is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Jiho scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Jiho.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Jiho falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Jiho lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Jiho. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Jiho is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Jiho brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Jiho seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Jiho is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Jiho came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Jiho is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Jiho is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Jiho seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Jiho seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Jiho is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Jiho is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Jiho plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Jiho and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Jiho seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Jiho's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Jiho bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Jiho is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Jiho is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Jiho is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Jiho is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Jiho's eyes met yours a several times and Jiho asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Jiho warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Jiho on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Jiho is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Jiho is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Jiho is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Jiho being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Jiho is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Jiho is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Jiho doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Jiho's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Jiho's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Jiho. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Jiho's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Jiho comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Jiho is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Jiho.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Jiho is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Jiho seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Jiho says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Jiho is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Jiho, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Jiho announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Jiho is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Jiho wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Jiho is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Jiho? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Jiho lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Jiho says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Jiho wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Jiho caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jiho some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jiho seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Jiho came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Jiho is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jiho seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Jiho looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jiho to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Jill
Jill is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Jill is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Jill seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Jill is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Jill is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Jill is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Jill is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Jill is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Jill is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Jill is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Jill and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Jill is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Jill is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Jill for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Jill is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Jill seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Jill is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Jill is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

You find Jill depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Jill is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Jill being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Jill is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Jill is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Jill is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Jill seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Jill who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Jill and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Jill looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Jill's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Jill seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Jill.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Jill and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Jill do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Jill. What should you say?
	Well, Jill does have that kind of charm.
Jill is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Jill after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Jin
Jin is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	The opponents are mesmerized by the beauty of our players.
After a meeting, Jin's eyes met yours a several times and Jin asks if he has something on his face.
	Yeah, Kuma's hat...
With a serious look on his face, Jin warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Why does an ordinary advice sound so strange...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Jin on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I think it should be you, but will you be able to return to your normal life after all of this is...Wait, I'm going off topic, right?
Jin is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	Look at the beautiful players! This is paradise!
Jin is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	...If you want to say something, it's alright. I'll be listening.
Jin is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	My Nari dakimakura! She's the best idol in the universe and is super strong.
You find Jin being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Can't you do that more often?! (Cries)
Jin is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	It's impossible to focus on a field with so many beautiful women.
Jin is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	That bear...Is a hero...!
Jin doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	There's not enough fan service.
It's Jin's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	I stole this treasure box from Kuma.
You see Jin's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Jin. What should we do?
	Tell me if you like him. Just say the words and I'll scout him.
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	Manga, anime, and figures...! Here I come!
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Jin's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This is our chance to steal his precious collection.
Jin comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	So, how does this work? Do I tap ''Sell''?
Jin is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Jin.
	I think we should come up with an action speed deck or go for counterattacks...
Jin is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	So, is that king entering the Galaxy League?
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Jin seems to be interested.
	I'll give you this, so get rid of that fake ticket.
Jin says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's start by picking their defenses apart.

Jin is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Jin, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Jin announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Jin is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Jin wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Jin is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find him.
You find Jin lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Jin says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Jin wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Jin caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Jin some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Jin seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Jin came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Jin is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Jin seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Jin!
Jin looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Jin to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Jin seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Jin is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Jin came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Jin is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Jin is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Jin seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Jin seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Jin is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Jin is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Jin plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Jin and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Jin seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Jin's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Jin bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Jin is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Jin is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Jin is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

John
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. John asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
John suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
John is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
John has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As John said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for John. John seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
John is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
John was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. John asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and John falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps John up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across John having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
John is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
John scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with John.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
John falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
John lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with John. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. John is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
John brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find John depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
John is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across John being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
John is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
John is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
John is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
John seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across John who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with John and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
John looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
John's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. John seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw John.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between John and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have John do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting John. What should you say?
	Well, John does have that kind of charm.
John is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with John after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Juno
Juno is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Juno comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Juno about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Juno is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Juno is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Juno isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Juno for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Juno and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Juno's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Juno thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Juno won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Juno suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Juno and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Juno was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Juno wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Juno is standing still doing nothing.
	What is she doing? Is she a totem?

Juno says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Juno asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Juno is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Juno looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Juno says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Juno wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Juno is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Juno says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Juno says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Juno seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Juno is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Juno says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Juno seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Juno is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Juno went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Juno claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Juno seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Juno says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Juno hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Juno says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Jury
Jury is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Jury is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Jury wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Jury is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Jury is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Jury is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Jury says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Jury seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Jury in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Jury is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Jury says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Jury says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Jury picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Jury is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Jury thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Jury says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Jury asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Jury is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Jury looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Jury says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Jury wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Jury is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Jury says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Jury says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Jury seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Jury is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Jury says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Jury seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Jury is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Jury went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Jury claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Jury seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Jury says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Jury hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Jury says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Juvel
Juvel says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Juvel asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Juvel is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Juvel looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Juvel says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Juvel wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Juvel is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Juvel says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Juvel says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Juvel seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Juvel is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Juvel says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Juvel seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Juvel is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Juvel went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Juvel claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Juvel seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Juvel says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Juvel hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Juvel says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Juvel asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Juvel is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Juvel is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Juvel is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Juvel seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Juvel asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Juvel heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Juvel, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Juvel seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Juvel is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Juvel is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Juvel's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Juvel's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Juvel and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Juvel's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Juvel fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Juvel is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Juvel is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Juvel is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Juvel is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Juvel is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Kai
Kai is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Kai is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Kai wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Kai is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Kai is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Kai is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Kai says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Kai seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Kai in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Kai is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Kai says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Kai says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Kai picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Kai is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Kai thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Kai is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Kai comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Kai about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Kai is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Kai is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Kai isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Kai for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Kai and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Kai's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Kai thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Kai won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Kai suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Kai and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Kai was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Kai wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Kai is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Kaidormu
Kaidormu is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Kaidormu, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Kaidormu announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Kaidormu is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Kaidormu wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Kaidormu is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Kaidormu? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Kaidormu lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Kaidormu says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Kaidormu wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Kaidormu caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Kaidormu some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Kaidormu seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Kaidormu came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Kaidormu is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Kaidormu seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Kaidormu looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Kaidormu to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Kaidormu seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Kaidormu is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Kaidormu came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Kaidormu is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Kaidormu is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Kaidormu seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Kaidormu seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Kaidormu is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Kaidormu is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Kaidormu plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Kaidormu and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Kaidormu seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Kaidormu's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Kaidormu bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Kaidormu is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Kaidormu is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Kaidormu is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Kainen
Kainen is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Kainen, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Kainen announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Kainen is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Kainen wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Kainen is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Kainen? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Kainen lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Kainen says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Kainen wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Kainen caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Kainen some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Kainen seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Kainen came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Kainen is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Kainen seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Kainen looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Kainen to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Kainen is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Kainen is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Kainen seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Kainen is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Kainen is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Kainen is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Kainen is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Kainen is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Kainen is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Kainen is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Kainen and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Kainen is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Kainen is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Kainen for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in his dictionary.
Kainen is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Kainen seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Kainen is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Kainen is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

Kalkrish
Kalkrish is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Kalkrish's eyes met yours a several times and Kalkrish asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Kalkrish warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Kalkrish on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Kalkrish is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Kalkrish is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Kalkrish is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Kalkrish being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Kalkrish is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Kalkrish is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Kalkrish doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Kalkrish's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Kalkrish's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Kalkrish. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Kalkrish's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Kalkrish comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Kalkrish is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Kalkrish.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Kalkrish is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Kalkrish seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Kalkrish says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

You find Kalkrish depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Kalkrish is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Kalkrish being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Kalkrish is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Kalkrish is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Kalkrish is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Kalkrish seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Kalkrish who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Kalkrish and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Kalkrish looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Kalkrish's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Kalkrish seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Kalkrish.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Kalkrish and his opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen him worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Kalkrish do?
	(Give him instructions so that he can do his share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Kalkrish. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Kalkrish is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Kalkrish after the match. Let's barge in.
	Kalkrish was fantastic on the field, right?

Karpila
Karpila is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Karpila is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Karpila wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Karpila is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Karpila is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Karpila is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Karpila says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Karpila seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Karpila in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Karpila is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Karpila says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Karpila says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Karpila picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Karpila is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Karpila thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Karpila seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Karpila is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Karpila came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Karpila is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Karpila is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Karpila seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Karpila seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Karpila is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Karpila is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Karpila plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Karpila and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Karpila seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Karpila's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Karpila bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Karpila is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Karpila is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Karpila is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Karuru
Karuru is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Karuru is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Karuru wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Karuru is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Karuru is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Karuru is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Karuru says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Karuru seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Karuru in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Karuru is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Karuru says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Karuru says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Karuru picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Karuru is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Karuru thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Karuru is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Karuru, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Karuru announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Karuru is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Karuru wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Karuru is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Karuru lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Karuru says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Karuru wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Karuru caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Karuru some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Karuru seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Karuru came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Karuru is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Karuru seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Karuru!
Karuru looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Karuru to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Kei
Kei is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Kei's eyes met yours a several times and Kei asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Kei warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Kei on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Kei is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Kei is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Kei is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Kei being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Kei is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Kei is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Kei doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Kei's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Kei's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Kei. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Kei's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Kei comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Kei is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Kei.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Kei is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Kei seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Kei says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Kei is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Kei, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Kei announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Kei is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Kei wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Kei is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find him...
You find Kei lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Kei says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Kei wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Kei caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Kei some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Kei seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Kei came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Kei is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Kei seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Kei looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Kei to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Kevin
Kevin is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Kevin, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Kevin announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Kevin is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Kevin wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Kevin is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Kevin? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Kevin lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Kevin says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Kevin wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Kevin caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Kevin some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Kevin seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Kevin came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Kevin is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Kevin seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Kevin looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Kevin to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Kevin is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give him an answer.
	We have a strong lineup of players that make our star players shine brighter.
Kevin is angry because he was criticized by his performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give him an answer.
	I admit it. You're the best in the team.
Kevin, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says he didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	I know.
Kevin wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(He wants you to be a good listener.)
Kevin looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	What were you expecting? An intergalactic war?
Kevin seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to him.
	Just say it. You're jealous.
Kevin is talking about how famous his rivals are in the Galaxy League. He seems jealous. Let's talk to him.
	You're as good as they are, I'd say you deserve more credit.
Kevin is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's popular, just not as much as me.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Kevin on the head while teasing him, and then goes away. Kevin seems angry...
	Patting you on the head? He must not fear for his life!
The team is at Metro City. Kevin seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how they don't mind physical flaws.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Kevin seems confused.
	Well, one thing is for sure. One of them did something stupid.
Kevin is spreading the happy news about his cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate him.
	I hope that baby comes to be a great soccer player, just like you.
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Hmm? What's wrong everybody?
Kevin refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to him.
	Well that's absolutely fine if you can actually prove that you're the best.
Kevin is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Considering your personality, I think she'll accept you.
Kevin seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to him.
	I think that's a good choice.
Kevin seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give him some advice.
	With your skills and dedication, I have no doubt that you will.
Kevin looks sad because he feels his friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to him?
	If your friend is truly your friend, he will understand.
It's a tough match, but Kevin is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to him?
	You really help us a lot in these situations.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Kevin about what to do.
	Let's leave her alone. She may find all this attention uncomfortable.

Khirel
Khirel is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Khirel is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Khirel seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Khirel is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Khirel is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Khirel is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Khirel is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Khirel is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Khirel is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Khirel is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Khirel and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Khirel is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Khirel is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Khirel for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Khirel is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Khirel seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Khirel is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Khirel is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Khirel seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Khirel is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Khirel came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Khirel is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Khirel is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Khirel seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Khirel seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Khirel is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Khirel is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Khirel plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Khirel and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Khirel seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Khirel's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Khirel bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Khirel is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Khirel is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Khirel is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Kiki
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Kiki asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Kiki suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Kiki is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Kiki has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Kiki said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Kiki. Kiki seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Kiki is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Kiki was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Kiki asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Kiki falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Kiki up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Kiki having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Kiki is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Kiki scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Kiki.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Kiki falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Kiki lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Kiki. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Kiki is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Kiki brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Kiki depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Kiki is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Kiki being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Kiki is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Kiki is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Kiki is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Kiki seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Kiki who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Kiki and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Kiki looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Kiki's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Kiki seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Kiki.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Kiki and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Kiki do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Kiki. What should you say?
	Well, Kiki does have that kind of charm.
Kiki is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Kiki after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Kirin
Kirin is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Kirin is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Kirin wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Kirin is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Kirin is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Kirin is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Kirin says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Kirin seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Kirin in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Kirin is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Kirin says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Kirin says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Kirin picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Kirin is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Kirin thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Kirin says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Kirin asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Kirin is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Kirin looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Kirin says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Kirin wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Kirin is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Kirin says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Kirin says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Kirin seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Kirin is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Kirin says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Kirin seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Kirin is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Kirin went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Kirin claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Kirin seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Kirin says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Kirin hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Kirin says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Kri'Veya
Kri'Veya is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Kri'Veya is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Kri'Veya wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Kri'Veya is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Kri'Veya is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Kri'Veya is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Kri'Veya says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Kri'Veya seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Kri'Veya in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Kri'Veya is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Kri'Veya says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Kri'Veya says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Kri'Veya picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Kri'Veya is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Kri'Veya thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Kri'Veya says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Kri'Veya asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Kri'Veya is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Kri'Veya looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Kri'Veya says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Kri'Veya wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Kri'Veya is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Kri'Veya says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Kri'Veya says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Kri'Veya seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Kri'Veya is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Kri'Veya says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Kri'Veya seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Kri'Veya.
Kri'Veya is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Kri'Veya went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Kri'Veya claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Kri'Veya seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Kri'Veya says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Kri'Veya hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Kri'Veya says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Kumi
Kumi is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Kumi's eyes met yours a several times and Kumi asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Kumi warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Kumi on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Kumi is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Kumi is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Kumi is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Kumi being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Kumi is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Kumi is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Kumi doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Kumi's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Kumi's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Kumi. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Kumi's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Kumi comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Kumi is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Kumi.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Kumi is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Kumi seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Kumi says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Kumi says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Kumi asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Kumi is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Kumi looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Kumi says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Kumi wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Kumi is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Kumi says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Kumi says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Kumi seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Kumi is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Kumi says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Kumi seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Kumi trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Kumi is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Kumi went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Kumi is in danger! We have to save her!
Kumi claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Kumi seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Kumi says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Kumi hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Kumi says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Kyoko
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Kyoko is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Kyoko looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Kyoko thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Kyoko is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Kyoko blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Kyoko is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Kyoko did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Kyoko is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Kyoko feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Kyoko about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Kyoko continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Kyoko is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Kyoko is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Kyoko to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Kyoko says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Kyoko is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Kyoko running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Kyoko's shoe.
	(Tell Kyoko who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Kyoko.)
Kyoko hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Kyoko says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Kyoko asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Kyoko is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Kyoko looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Kyoko says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Kyoko wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Kyoko is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Kyoko says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Kyoko says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Kyoko seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Kyoko is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Kyoko says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Kyoko seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Kyoko is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Kyoko went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Kyoko claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Kyoko seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Kyoko says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Kyoko hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Kyoko says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Kyosuke
Kyosuke is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Kyosuke comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Kyosuke about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Kyosuke is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Kyosuke is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Kyosuke isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Kyosuke for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Kyosuke and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Kyosuke's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Kyosuke thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Kyosuke won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Kyosuke suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Kyosuke and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Kyosuke was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Kyosuke wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Kyosuke is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

You find Kyosuke depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Kyosuke is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Kyosuke being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Kyosuke is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Kyosuke is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Kyosuke is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Kyosuke seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Kyosuke who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Kyosuke and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Kyosuke looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Kyosuke's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Kyosuke seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Kyosuke.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Kyosuke and his opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen him worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Kyosuke do?
	(Give him instructions so that he can do his share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Kyosuke. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Kyosuke is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Kyosuke after the match. Let's barge in.
	Kyosuke was fantastic on the field, right?

Lab Rat Rabian
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Lab Rat Rabian asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Lab Rat Rabian suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Lab Rat Rabian is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Lab Rat Rabian has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Lab Rat Rabian said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Lab Rat Rabian. Lab Rat Rabian seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Lab Rat Rabian is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Lab Rat Rabian was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Lab Rat Rabian asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Lab Rat Rabian falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Lab Rat Rabian up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Lab Rat Rabian having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Lab Rat Rabian is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Lab Rat Rabian scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Lab Rat Rabian.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Lab Rat Rabian falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Lab Rat Rabian lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Lab Rat Rabian. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Lab Rat Rabian is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Lab Rat Rabian brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Lab Rat Rabian is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Lab Rat Rabian, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Lab Rat Rabian announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Lab Rat Rabian is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Lab Rat Rabian wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Lab Rat Rabian is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Lab Rat Rabian? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Lab Rat Rabian lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Lab Rat Rabian says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Lab Rat Rabian wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Lab Rat Rabian caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Lab Rat Rabian some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Lab Rat Rabian seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Lab Rat Rabian came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Lab Rat Rabian is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Lab Rat Rabian seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Lab Rat Rabian looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Lab Rat Rabian to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Labella
Labella is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Labella comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Labella about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Labella is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Labella is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Labella isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Labella for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Labella and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Labella's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Labella thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Labella won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Labella suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Labella and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Labella was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Labella wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Labella is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You find Labella depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Labella is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Labella being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Labella is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Labella is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Labella is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Labella seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Labella who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Labella and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Labella looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Labella's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Labella seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Labella.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Labella and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Labella do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Labella. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Labella is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Labella after the match. Let's barge in.
	Labella was fantastic on the field, right?

Latios
Latios is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Latios comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Latios about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Latios is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Latios is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Latios isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Latios for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Latios and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Latios's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Latios thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Latios won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Latios suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Latios and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Latios was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Latios wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Latios is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You come across Latios, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Latios is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Latios, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Latios says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Latios about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Latios is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Latios who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Latios is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Latios, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Latios wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Latios points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Latios seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Latios is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Latios's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Latios is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Latios is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Leah
Leah asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Leah is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Leah is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Leah is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Leah seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Leah asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Leah heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Leah, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Leah seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Leah is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Leah is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Leah's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Leah's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Leah and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Leah's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Leah fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Leah is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Leah is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Leah is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Leah is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Leah is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Leah says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Leah asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Leah is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Leah looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Leah says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Leah wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Leah is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Leah says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Leah says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Leah seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Leah is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Leah says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Leah seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Leah trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Leah is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Leah went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Leah is in danger! We have to save her!
Leah claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Leah seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Leah says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Leah hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Leah says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Leina
You find Leina depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Leina is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Leina being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Leina is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Leina is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Leina is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Leina seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Leina who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Leina and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Leina looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Leina's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Leina seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Leina.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Leina and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Leina do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Leina. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Leina is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Leina after the match. Let's barge in.
	Leina was fantastic on the field, right?

Leina says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Leina asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Leina is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Leina looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Leina says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Leina wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Leina is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Leina says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Leina says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Leina seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Leina is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Leina says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Leina seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Leina.
Leina is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Leina went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Leina claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Leina seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Leina says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Leina hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Leina says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Lemy
Lemy is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Lemy's eyes met yours a several times and Lemy asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Lemy warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Lemy on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Lemy is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Lemy is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Lemy is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Lemy being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Lemy is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Lemy is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Lemy doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Lemy's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Lemy's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Lemy. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Lemy's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Lemy comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Lemy is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Lemy.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Lemy is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Lemy seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Lemy says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

You find Lemy depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lemy is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lemy being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lemy is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lemy is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lemy is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lemy seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lemy who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lemy and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lemy looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lemy's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lemy seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lemy.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lemy and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lemy do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lemy. What should you say?
	Well, Lemy does have that kind of charm.
Lemy is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lemy after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Leonard
Leonard is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Leonard's eyes met yours a several times and Leonard asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Leonard warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Leonard on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Leonard is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Leonard is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Leonard is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Leonard being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Leonard is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Leonard is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Leonard doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Leonard's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Leonard's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Leonard. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Leonard's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Leonard comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Leonard is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Leonard.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Leonard is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Leonard seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Leonard says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

You find Leonard depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Leonard is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Leonard being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Leonard is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Leonard is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Leonard is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Leonard seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Leonard who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Leonard and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Leonard looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Leonard's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Leonard seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Leonard.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Leonard and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Leonard do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Leonard. What should you say?
	Well, Leonard does have that kind of charm.
Leonard is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Leonard after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Leventor
Leventor is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Leventor, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Leventor announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Leventor is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Leventor wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Leventor is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Leventor? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Leventor lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Leventor says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Leventor wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Leventor caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Leventor some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Leventor seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Leventor came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Leventor is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Leventor seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Leventor looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Leventor to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Leventor seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Leventor is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Leventor came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Leventor is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Leventor is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Leventor seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Leventor seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Leventor is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Leventor is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Leventor plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Leventor and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Leventor seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Leventor's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Leventor bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Leventor is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Leventor is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Leventor is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Lia
You find Lia depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Lia is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Lia being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Lia is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Lia is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Lia is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Lia seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Lia who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Lia and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Lia looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Lia's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lia seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lia.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lia and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lia do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lia. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Lia.
Lia is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Lia after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Lia says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Lia asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Lia is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Lia looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Lia says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Lia wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Lia is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Lia says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Lia says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Lia seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Lia is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Lia says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Lia seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Lia trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Lia is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Lia went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Lia is in danger! We have to save her!
Lia claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Lia seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Lia says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Lia hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Lia says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Lilith
Lilith says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Lilith asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Lilith is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Lilith looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Lilith says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Lilith wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Lilith is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Lilith says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Lilith says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Lilith seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Lilith is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Lilith says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Lilith seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Lilith is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Lilith went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Lilith claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Lilith seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Lilith says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Lilith hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Lilith says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Lilith asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Lilith is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Lilith is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Lilith is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Lilith seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Lilith asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Lilith heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Lilith, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Lilith seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Lilith is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Lilith is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Lilith's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Lilith's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Lilith and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Lilith's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Lilith fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Lilith is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Lilith is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Lilith is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Lilith is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Lilith is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Lily
Lily is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Lily is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Lily seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Lily is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Lily is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Lily is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Lily is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Lily is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Lily is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Lily is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Lily and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Lily is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Lily is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Lily for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Lily is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Lily seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Lily is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Lily is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

You find Lily depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Lily is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Lily being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Lily is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Lily is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Lily is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Lily seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Lily who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Lily and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Lily looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Lily's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lily seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lily.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lily and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lily do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lily. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Lily.
Lily is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Lily after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Lina
Lina is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Lina is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Lina wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Lina is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Lina is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Lina is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Lina says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Lina seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Lina in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Lina is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Lina says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Lina says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Lina picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Lina is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Lina thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Lina depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lina is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lina being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lina is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lina is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lina is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lina seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lina who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lina and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lina looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lina's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lina seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lina.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lina and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lina do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lina. What should you say?
	Well, Lina does have that kind of charm.
Lina is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lina after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Lindberg
Lindberg is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Lindberg is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Lindberg wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Lindberg is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Lindberg is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Lindberg is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Lindberg says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Lindberg seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Lindberg in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Lindberg is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Lindberg says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Lindberg says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Lindberg picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Lindberg is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Lindberg thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Lindberg depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lindberg is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lindberg being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lindberg is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lindberg is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lindberg is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lindberg seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lindberg who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lindberg and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lindberg looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lindberg's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lindberg seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lindberg.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lindberg and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lindberg do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lindberg. What should you say?
	Well, Lindberg does have that kind of charm.
Lindberg is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lindberg after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Lindsey
Lindsey is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Lindsey is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Lindsey seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Lindsey is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Lindsey is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Lindsey is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Lindsey is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Lindsey is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Lindsey is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Lindsey is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Lindsey and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Lindsey is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Lindsey is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Lindsey for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Lindsey is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Lindsey seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Lindsey is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Lindsey is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Lindsey is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Lindsey is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Lindsey, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Lindsey wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Lindsey looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Lindsey seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Lindsey is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Lindsey is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Lindsey on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Lindsey seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Lindsey seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Lindsey seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Lindsey is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Lindsey is prettier.
Lindsey refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Lindsey is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Lindsey seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Lindsey seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Lindsey looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Lindsey is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Lindsey about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Linmay
Linmay is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Linmay's eyes met yours a several times and Linmay asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Linmay warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Linmay on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Linmay is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Linmay is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Linmay is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Linmay being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Linmay is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Linmay is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Linmay doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Linmay's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Linmay's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Linmay. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Linmay's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Linmay comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Linmay is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Linmay.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Linmay is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Linmay seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Linmay says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Linmay is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Linmay is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Linmay, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Linmay wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Linmay looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Linmay seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Linmay is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Linmay is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Linmay on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Linmay seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Linmay seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Linmay seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Linmay is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Linmay is prettier.
Linmay refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Linmay is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Linmay seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Linmay seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Linmay looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Linmay is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Linmay about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Litz
Litz is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Litz, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Litz announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Litz is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Litz wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Litz is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Litz? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Litz lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Litz says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Litz wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Litz caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Litz some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Litz seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Litz came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Litz is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Litz seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Litz looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Litz to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Litz seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Litz is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Litz came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Litz is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Litz is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Litz seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Litz seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Litz is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Litz is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Litz plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Litz and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Litz seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Litz's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Litz bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Litz is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Litz is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Litz is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Lucian
Lucian says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Lucian asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Lucian is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Lucian looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Lucian says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Lucian wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Lucian is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Lucian says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Lucian says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Lucian seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Lucian is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Lucian says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Lucian seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Lucian is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Lucian went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Lucian claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Lucian seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Lucian says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Lucian hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Lucian says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

You come across Lucian, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Lucian is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Lucian, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Lucian says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Lucian about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Lucian is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Lucian who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Lucian is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Lucian, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He's truly a role model to us all with his skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Lucian wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Lucian points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Lucian seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Lucian is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Lucian's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Lucian is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Lucian is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Lucid
You find Lucid depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lucid is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lucid being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lucid is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lucid is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lucid is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lucid seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lucid who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lucid and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lucid looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lucid's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lucid seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lucid.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lucid and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lucid do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lucid. What should you say?
	Well, Lucid does have that kind of charm.
Lucid is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lucid after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Lucid asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Lucid is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Lucid is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Lucid is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Lucid seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Lucid asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Lucid heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Lucid, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Lucid seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Lucid is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Lucid is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Lucid's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Lucid's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Lucid and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Lucid's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Lucid fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Lucid is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Lucid is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Lucid is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Lucid is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Lucid is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Lucifer
Lucifer is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Lucifer, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Lucifer announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Lucifer is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Lucifer wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Lucifer is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Lucifer? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Lucifer lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Lucifer says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Lucifer wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Lucifer caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Lucifer some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Lucifer seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Lucifer came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Lucifer is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Lucifer seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Lucifer looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Lucifer to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Lucifer seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Lucifer is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Lucifer came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Lucifer is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Lucifer is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Lucifer seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Lucifer seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Lucifer is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Lucifer is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Lucifer plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Lucifer and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Lucifer seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Lucifer's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Lucifer bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Lucifer is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Lucifer is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Lucifer is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Lucius
Lucius is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Lucius is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Lucius seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Lucius is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Lucius is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Lucius is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Lucius is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Lucius is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Lucius is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Lucius is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Lucius and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Lucius is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Lucius is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Lucius for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Lucius is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Lucius seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Lucius is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Lucius is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

You find Lucius depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lucius is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lucius being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lucius is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lucius is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lucius is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lucius seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lucius who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lucius and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lucius looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lucius's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lucius seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lucius.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lucius and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lucius do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lucius. What should you say?
	Well, Lucius does have that kind of charm.
Lucius is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lucius after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Luka
You find Luka depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Luka is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Luka being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Luka is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Luka is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Luka is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Luka seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Luka who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Luka and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Luka looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Luka's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Luka seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Luka.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Luka and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Luka do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Luka. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Luka.
Luka is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Luka after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Luka is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Luka, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Luka announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Luka is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Luka wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Luka is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Luka lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Luka says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Luka wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Luka caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Luka some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Luka seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Luka came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Luka is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Luka seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Luka!
Luka looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Luka to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Lukia
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Lukia asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Lukia suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Lukia is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Lukia has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Lukia said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Lukia. Lukia seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Lukia is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Lukia was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Lukia asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Lukia falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Lukia up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Lukia having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Lukia is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Lukia scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Lukia.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Lukia falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Lukia lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Lukia. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Lukia is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Lukia brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Lukia is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Lukia is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Lukia wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Lukia is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Lukia is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Lukia is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Lukia says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Lukia seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Lukia in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Lukia is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Lukia says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Lukia says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Lukia picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Lukia is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Lukia thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Lulu
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Lulu asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Lulu suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Lulu is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Lulu has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Lulu said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Lulu. Lulu seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Lulu is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Lulu was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Lulu asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Lulu falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Lulu up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Lulu having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Lulu is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Lulu scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Lulu.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Lulu falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Lulu lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Lulu. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Lulu is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Lulu brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Lulu is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Lulu is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Lulu wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Lulu is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Lulu is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Lulu is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Lulu says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Lulu seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Lulu in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Lulu is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Lulu says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Lulu says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Lulu picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Lulu is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Lulu thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Luna
Luna is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Luna's eyes met yours a several times and Luna asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Luna warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Luna on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Luna is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Luna is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Luna is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Luna being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Luna is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Luna is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Luna doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Luna's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Luna's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Luna. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Luna's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Luna comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Luna is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Luna.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Luna is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Luna seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Luna says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Luna is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Luna comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Luna about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Luna is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Luna is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Luna isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Luna for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Luna and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Luna's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Luna thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Luna won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Luna suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Luna and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Luna was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Luna wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Luna is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Luri
Luri is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Luri comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Luri about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Luri is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Luri is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Luri isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Luri for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Luri and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Luri's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Luri thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Luri won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Luri suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Luri and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Luri was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Luri wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Luri is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You find Luri depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Luri is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Luri being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Luri is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Luri is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Luri is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Luri seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Luri who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Luri and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Luri looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Luri's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Luri seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Luri.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Luri and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Luri do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Luri. What should you say?
	Well, Luri does have that kind of charm.
Luri is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Luri after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Lynbell
Lynbell is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	We haven't awakened our TRUE powers! We have to go further beyond!
Lynbell is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place where the chosen ones learn about their destiny.
Lynbell wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	All goes as planned...Hmm? Just ignore that.
Lynbell is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	And that's how we walk towards our destiny.
Lynbell is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	This is your chance to buy the hottest fashion items in space!
Lynbell is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My friends from previous life...They would be pleased to see me win.
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I'm going to check out the new comic issues. Wanna come along?
Lynbell says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	Hmm, a revived person that forgot his purpose...Reminds me of somebody.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	What a depressing weather...
Lynbell seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	That's a dangerous secret you're trying to find out about. Do you still want to know?
Ogre's pony tail slapped Lynbell in the face!
	Even his hair is a weapon! Is that even allowed?
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I guess I finally get to meet my archnemesis.
Lynbell is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	I knew this day would come.
Lynbell says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They were sacrificed as material for a greater cause.
Lynbell says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	You can only find your true potential when you don't rely on your skills!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Fontus...You sure are my archnemesis!
Lynbell picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	So, this is how the revelation begins!
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Come back Huginn! Wait, is it Muninn?
Lynbell is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's time, Lynbell! Awaken the 6th attribute and show your true powers!
Lynbell thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	That's because you haven't opened up your ''third eye''!

You find Lynbell depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Lynbell is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Lynbell being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Lynbell is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Lynbell is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Lynbell is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Lynbell seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Lynbell who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Lynbell and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Lynbell looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Lynbell's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lynbell seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lynbell.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lynbell and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lynbell do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lynbell. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Lynbell is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Lynbell after the match. Let's barge in.
	Lynbell was fantastic on the field, right?

Lynia
You find Lynia depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Lynia is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Lynia being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Lynia is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Lynia is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Lynia is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Lynia seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Lynia who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Lynia and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Lynia looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Lynia's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Lynia seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Lynia.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Lynia and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Lynia do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Lynia. What should you say?
	Well, Lynia does have that kind of charm.
Lynia is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Lynia after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Lynia is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Lynia, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Lynia announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Lynia is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Lynia wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Lynia is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Lynia? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Lynia lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Lynia says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Lynia wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Lynia caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Lynia some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Lynia seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Lynia came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Lynia is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Lynia seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Lynia looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Lynia to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Maggie
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Maggie is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Maggie looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Maggie thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Maggie is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Maggie blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Maggie is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Maggie did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Maggie is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Maggie feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Maggie about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Maggie continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Maggie is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Maggie is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Maggie to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Maggie says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Maggie is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Maggie running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Maggie's shoe.
	(Tell Maggie who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Maggie.)
Maggie hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Maggie is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	We have a strong lineup of players that make our star players shine brighter.
Maggie is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I admit it. You're the best in the team.
Maggie, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	I know.
Maggie wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(She wants you to be a good listener.)
Maggie looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	What were you expecting? An intergalactic war?
Maggie seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Just say it. You're jealous.
Maggie is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	You're as good as they are, I'd say you deserve more credit.
Maggie is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's popular, just not as much as me.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Maggie on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Maggie seems angry...
	Patting you on the head? He must not fear for his life!
The team is at Metro City. Maggie seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how they don't mind physical flaws.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Maggie seems confused.
	Well, one thing is for sure. One of them did something stupid.
Maggie is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	I hope that baby comes to be a great soccer player, just like you.
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Hmm? What's wrong everybody?
Maggie refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Well that's absolutely fine if you can actually prove that you're the best.
Maggie is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Considering your personality, I think she'll accept you.
Maggie seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	I think that's a good choice.
Maggie seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	With your skills and dedication, I have no doubt that you will.
Maggie looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	If your friend is truly your friend, she will understand.
It's a tough match, but Maggie is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	You really help us a lot in these situations.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Maggie about what to do.
	Let's leave her alone. She may find all this attention uncomfortable.

Magnus
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Magnus asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Magnus suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Magnus is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Magnus has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Magnus said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Magnus. Magnus seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Magnus is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Magnus was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Magnus asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Magnus falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Magnus up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Magnus having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Magnus is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Magnus scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Magnus.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Magnus falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Magnus lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Magnus. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Magnus is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Magnus brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

You come across Magnus, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Magnus is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Magnus, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Magnus says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Magnus about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Magnus is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Magnus who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Magnus is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Magnus, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Magnus wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Magnus points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Magnus seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Magnus is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Magnus's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Magnus is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Magnus is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Magnus is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give him an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Magnus is angry because he was criticized by his performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give him an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Magnus, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says he didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Magnus wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe he brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Magnus looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Magnus seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to him.
	Should we join the club?
Magnus is talking about how famous his rivals are in the Galaxy League. He seems jealous. Let's talk to him.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Magnus is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Magnus on the head while teasing him, and then goes away. Magnus seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Magnus seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Magnus seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Magnus is spreading the happy news about his cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate him.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Magnus is prettier.
Magnus refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to him.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Magnus is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Magnus seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to him.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Magnus seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give him some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Magnus looks sad because he feels his friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to him?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Magnus is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to him?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Magnus about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Malcolm
Malcolm says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Malcolm asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Malcolm is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Malcolm looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Malcolm says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Malcolm wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Malcolm is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Malcolm says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Malcolm says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Malcolm seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Malcolm is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Malcolm says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Malcolm seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Malcolm is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Malcolm went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Malcolm claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Malcolm seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Malcolm says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Malcolm hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Malcolm says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Malcolm is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Malcolm, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Malcolm announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Malcolm is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Malcolm wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Malcolm is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Malcolm? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Malcolm lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Malcolm says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Malcolm wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Malcolm caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Malcolm some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Malcolm seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Malcolm came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Malcolm is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Malcolm seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Malcolm looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Malcolm to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Malcolm asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Malcolm suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Malcolm is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Malcolm has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Malcolm said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Malcolm. Malcolm seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Malcolm is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Malcolm was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Malcolm asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Malcolm falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Malcolm up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Malcolm having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Malcolm is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Malcolm scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Malcolm.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Malcolm falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Malcolm lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Malcolm. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Malcolm is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Malcolm brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Marianne
You find Marianne depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Marianne is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Marianne being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Marianne is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Marianne is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Marianne is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Marianne seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Marianne who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Marianne and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Marianne looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Marianne's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Marianne seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Marianne.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Marianne and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Marianne do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Marianne. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Marianne is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Marianne after the match. Let's barge in.
	Marianne was fantastic on the field, right?

You come across Marianne, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Marianne is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Marianne, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Marianne says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Marianne about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Marianne is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Marianne who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Marianne is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Marianne, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Marianne wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Marianne points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Marianne seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Marianne is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Marianne's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Marianne is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Marianne is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Marianne is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Marianne looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Marianne thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Marianne is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Marianne blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Marianne is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Marianne did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Marianne is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Marianne feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Marianne about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Marianne continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Marianne is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Marianne is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Marianne to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Marianne says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Marianne is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Marianne running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Marianne's shoe.
	(Tell Marianne who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Marianne.)
Marianne hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

You find Marianne depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Marianne is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Marianne being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Marianne is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Marianne is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Marianne is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Marianne seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Marianne who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Marianne and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Marianne looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Marianne's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Marianne seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Marianne.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Marianne and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Marianne do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Marianne. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Marianne.
Marianne is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Marianne after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Mariel
Mariel is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Mariel is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Mariel seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Mariel is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Mariel is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Mariel is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Mariel is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Mariel is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Mariel is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Mariel is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Mariel and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Mariel is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Mariel is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Mariel for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Mariel is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Mariel seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Mariel is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Mariel is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Mariel seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Mariel is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Mariel came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Mariel is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Mariel is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Mariel seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Mariel seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Mariel is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Mariel is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Mariel plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Mariel and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Mariel seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Mariel's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Mariel bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Mariel is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Mariel is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Mariel is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Marilyn
Marilyn says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Marilyn asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Marilyn is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Marilyn looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Marilyn says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Marilyn wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Marilyn is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Marilyn says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Marilyn says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Marilyn seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Marilyn is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Marilyn says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Marilyn seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Marilyn trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Marilyn is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Marilyn went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Marilyn is in danger! We have to save her!
Marilyn claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Marilyn seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Marilyn says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Marilyn hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Marilyn says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Marilyn is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Marilyn is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Marilyn, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Marilyn wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Marilyn looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Marilyn seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Marilyn is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Marilyn is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Marilyn on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Marilyn seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Marilyn seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Marilyn seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Marilyn is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Marilyn is prettier.
Marilyn refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Marilyn is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Marilyn seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Marilyn seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Marilyn looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Marilyn is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Marilyn about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

May
May is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
May is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
May seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
May is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
May is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
May is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
May is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
May is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
May is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and May is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock May and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
May is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
May is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about May for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
May is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
May seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, May is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
May is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

May asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Getting to know your opponents up to the point of falling in love with them...And then crushing them.
May is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	This could all be avoided if we become mesmerized by you. Do as you please.
Being too excited, May is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	You're excited only because you got the chance to shoot the ball without any restraints against that player you like.
May is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe there was an old movie about an alien infiltrating a spaceship...
May seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	I mean...You may intimidate the crowd...But I guess that could be your charm?
May asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Stalk the person I secretly love to make sure she's not seeing anybody.)
May heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	I guess you can make friends even in a place like that.
May, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	I'm worried that you two may go around causing trouble if you two are together.
Recently, May seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	Oh how much I'd love to show you what his ''true'' form is like.
May is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	Maybe acting like a demon would help?
May is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Maybe this is something about love and hate. It may be something serious.
May's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(Tell her that it's not the opponent showing affection and it's nothing but foul plays.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with May and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	That's like playing with fire.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising May's plays. Let's add in.
	Be careful not to fall in love with her.
The team became furious after seeing May fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	You can rely on your teammates in situations like this.
May is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	What about Silent Cold? You'll be able to hold on to your opponents.
May is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	You said you want to be with him...So I used him as material for your special training.
May is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Come talk to me before you fall in love at first sight.
It seems that May is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	It's not you to be kind to everybody. Just go and say no.
May is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	What are you going to do when that player falls in love with you?

Meg
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Meg is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Meg looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Meg thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Meg is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Meg blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Meg is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Meg did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Meg is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Meg feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Meg about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Meg continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Meg is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Meg is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Meg to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Meg says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Meg is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Meg running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Meg's shoe.
	(Tell Meg who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Meg.)
Meg hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Meg says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Meg asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Meg is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Meg looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Meg says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Meg wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Meg is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Meg says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Meg says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Meg seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Meg is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Meg says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Meg seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Meg trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Meg is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Meg went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Meg is in danger! We have to save her!
Meg claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Meg seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Meg says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Meg hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Meg says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Melchior
Melchior is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Melchior is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Melchior wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Melchior is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Melchior is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Melchior is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Melchior says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Melchior seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Melchior in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Melchior is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Melchior says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Melchior says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Melchior picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Melchior is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Melchior thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Melchior says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Melchior asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Melchior is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Melchior looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Melchior says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Melchior wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Melchior is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Melchior says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Melchior says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Melchior seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Melchior is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Melchior says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Melchior seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Melchior.
Melchior is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Melchior went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Melchior claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Melchior seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Melchior says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Melchior hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Melchior says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Metatron
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Metatron asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Metatron suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Metatron is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Metatron has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Metatron said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Metatron. Metatron seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Metatron is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Metatron was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Metatron asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Metatron falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Metatron up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Metatron having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Metatron is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Metatron scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Metatron.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Metatron falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Metatron lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Metatron. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Metatron is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Metatron brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Metatron is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Metatron, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Metatron announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Metatron is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Metatron wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Metatron is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Metatron? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Metatron lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Metatron says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Metatron wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Metatron caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Metatron some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Metatron seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Metatron came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Metatron is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Metatron seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Metatron looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Metatron to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

You come across Metatron, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Metatron is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Metatron, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Metatron says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Metatron about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Metatron is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Metatron who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Metatron is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Metatron, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Metatron wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Metatron points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Metatron seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Metatron is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Metatron's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Metatron is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Metatron is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Micki
You come across Micki, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Micki is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Micki, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Micki says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Micki about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Micki is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Micki who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Micki is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Micki, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Micki wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Micki points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Micki seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Micki is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Micki's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Micki is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Micki is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Micki seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Micki is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Micki came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Micki is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Micki is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Micki seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Micki seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Micki is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Micki is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Micki plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Micki and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Micki seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Micki's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Micki bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Micki is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Micki is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Micki is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Mider
Mider is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	We haven't awakened our TRUE powers! We have to go further beyond!
Mider is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place where the chosen ones learn about their destiny.
Mider wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	All goes as planned...Hmm? Just ignore that.
Mider is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	And that's how we walk towards our destiny.
Mider is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	This is your chance to buy the hottest fashion items in space!
Mider is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My friends from previous life...They would be pleased to see me win.
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I'm going to check out the new comic issues. Wanna come along?
Mider says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	Hmm, a revived person that forgot his purpose...Reminds me of somebody.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	What a depressing weather...
Mider seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	That's a dangerous secret you're trying to find out about. Do you still want to know?
Ogre's pony tail slapped Mider in the face!
	Even his hair is a weapon! Is that even allowed?
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I guess I finally get to meet my archnemesis.
Mider is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	I knew this day would come.
Mider says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They were sacrificed as material for a greater cause.
Mider says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	You can only find your true potential when you don't rely on your skills!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Fontus...You sure are my archnemesis!
Mider picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	So, this is how the revelation begins!
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Come back Huginn! Wait, is it Muninn?
Mider is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's time, Mider! Awaken the 6th attribute and show your true powers!
Mider thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	That's because you haven't opened up your ''third eye''!

Mider is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Mider comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Mider about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Mider is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Mider is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Mider isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Mider for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Mider and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Mider's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Mider thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Mider won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Mider suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Mider and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Mider was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Mider wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Mider is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Miho
Miho is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Miho, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Miho announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Miho is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Miho wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Miho is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Miho? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Miho lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Miho says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Miho wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Miho caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Miho some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Miho seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Miho came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Miho is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Miho seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Miho looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Miho to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Miho is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Miho is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Miho, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Miho wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Miho looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Miho seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Miho is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Miho is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Miho on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Miho seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Miho seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Miho seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Miho is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Miho is prettier.
Miho refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Miho is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Miho seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Miho seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Miho looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Miho is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Miho about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Mika
Mika is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Mika comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Mika about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Mika is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Mika is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Mika isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Mika for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Mika and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Mika's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Mika thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Mika won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Mika suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Mika and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Mika was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Mika wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Mika is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Mika is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Mika, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Mika announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Mika is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Mika wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Mika is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Mika? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Mika lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Mika says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Mika wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Mika caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Mika some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Mika seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Mika came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Mika is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Mika seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Mika looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Mika to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Mikael
You find Mikael depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Mikael is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Mikael being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Mikael is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Mikael is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Mikael is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Mikael seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Mikael who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Mikael and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Mikael looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Mikael's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Mikael seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Mikael.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Mikael and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Mikael do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Mikael. What should you say?
	Well, Mikael does have that kind of charm.
Mikael is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Mikael after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Mikael says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Mikael asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Mikael is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Mikael looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Mikael says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Mikael wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Mikael is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Mikael says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Mikael says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Mikael seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Mikael is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Mikael says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Mikael seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Mikael is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Mikael went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Mikael claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Mikael seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Mikael says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Mikael hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Mikael says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Mikael seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Mikael is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Mikael came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Mikael is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Mikael is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Mikael seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Mikael seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Mikael is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Mikael is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Mikael plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Mikael and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Mikael seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Mikael's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Mikael bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Mikael is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Mikael is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Mikael is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Mikel
Mikel is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Mikel is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Mikel wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Mikel is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Mikel is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Mikel is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Mikel says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Mikel seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Mikel in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Mikel is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Mikel says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Mikel says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Mikel picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Mikel is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Mikel thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Mikel depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Mikel is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Mikel being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Mikel is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Mikel is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Mikel is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Mikel seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Mikel who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Mikel and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Mikel looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Mikel's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Mikel seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Mikel.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Mikel and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Mikel do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Mikel. What should you say?
	Well, Mikel does have that kind of charm.
Mikel is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Mikel after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Milky Way
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Milky Way asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Milky Way suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Milky Way is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Milky Way has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Milky Way said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Milky Way. Milky Way seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Milky Way is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Milky Way was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Milky Way asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Milky Way falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Milky Way up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Milky Way having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Milky Way is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Milky Way scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Milky Way.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Milky Way falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Milky Way lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Milky Way. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Milky Way is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Milky Way brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Milky Way depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Milky Way is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Milky Way being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Milky Way is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Milky Way is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Milky Way is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Milky Way seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Milky Way who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Milky Way and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Milky Way looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Milky Way's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Milky Way seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Milky Way.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Milky Way and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Milky Way do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Milky Way. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Milky Way.
Milky Way is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Milky Way after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Mimi
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Mimi asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Mimi suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Mimi is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Mimi has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Mimi said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Mimi. Mimi seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Mimi is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Mimi was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Mimi asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Mimi falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Mimi up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Mimi having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Mimi is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Mimi scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Mimi.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Mimi falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Mimi lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Mimi. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Mimi is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Mimi brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find Mimi depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Mimi is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Mimi being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Mimi is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Mimi is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Mimi is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Mimi seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Mimi who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Mimi and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Mimi looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Mimi's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Mimi seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Mimi.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Mimi and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Mimi do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Mimi. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Mimi.
Mimi is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Mimi after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Min
Min is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Min's eyes met yours a several times and Min asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Min warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Min on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Min is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Min is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Min is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Min being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Min is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Min is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Min doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Min's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Min's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Min. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Min's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Min comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Min is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Min.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Min is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Min seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Min says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Min seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Min is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Min came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Min is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Min is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Min seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Min seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Min is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Min is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Min plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Min and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Min seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Min's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Min bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Min is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Min is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Min is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Mira
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Mira is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Mira looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Mira thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Mira is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Mira blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Mira is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Mira did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Mira is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Mira feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Mira about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Mira continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Mira is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Mira is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Mira to do?
	They all need scolding.
Mira says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Mira is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Mira running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Mira's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Mira hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Mira is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Mira's eyes met yours a several times and Mira asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Mira warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Mira on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Mira is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Mira is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Mira is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Mira being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Mira is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Mira is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Mira doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Mira's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Mira's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Mira. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Mira's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Mira comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Mira is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Mira.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Mira is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Mira seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Mira says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Mireille
Mireille is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Mireille comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Mireille about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Mireille is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Mireille is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Mireille isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Mireille for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Mireille and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Mireille's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Mireille thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Mireille won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Mireille suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Mireille and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Mireille was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Mireille wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Mireille is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Mireille seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Mireille is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Mireille came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Mireille is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Mireille is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Mireille seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Mireille seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Mireille is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Mireille is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Mireille plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Mireille and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Mireille seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Mireille's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Mireille bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Mireille is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Mireille is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Mireille is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Momo
You find Momo depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Momo is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Momo being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Momo is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Momo is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Momo is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Momo seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Momo who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Momo and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Momo looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Momo's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Momo seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Momo.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Momo and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Momo do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Momo. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Momo is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Momo after the match. Let's barge in.
	Momo was fantastic on the field, right?

Momo is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Momo's eyes met yours a several times and Momo asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Momo warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Momo on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Momo is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Momo is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Momo is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Momo being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Momo is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Momo is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Momo doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Momo's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Momo's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Momo. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Momo's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Momo comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Momo is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Momo.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Momo is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Momo seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Momo says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Morgana
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Morgana is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Morgana looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Morgana thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Morgana is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Morgana blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Morgana is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Morgana did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Morgana is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Morgana feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Morgana about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Morgana continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Morgana is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Morgana is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Morgana to do?
	They all need scolding.
Morgana says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Morgana is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Morgana running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Morgana's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Morgana hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

You come across Morgana, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Morgana is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Morgana, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Morgana says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Morgana about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Morgana is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Morgana who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Morgana is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Morgana, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Morgana wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Morgana points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Morgana seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Morgana is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Morgana's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Morgana is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Morgana is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Moritz
Moritz is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Moritz's eyes met yours a several times and Moritz asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on her face, Moritz warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Moritz on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Moritz is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Moritz is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Moritz is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Moritz being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Moritz is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Moritz is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Moritz doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Moritz's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Moritz's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Moritz. What should we do?
	She is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Moritz's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Moritz comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Moritz is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Moritz.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Moritz is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Moritz seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Moritz says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

You come across Moritz, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Moritz is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Moritz, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Moritz says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Moritz about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Moritz is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Moritz who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Moritz is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Moritz, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Moritz wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Moritz points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Moritz seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Moritz is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Moritz's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Moritz is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Moritz is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Mortor
Mortor is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Mortor's eyes met yours a several times and Mortor asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Mortor warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Mortor on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Mortor is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Mortor is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Mortor is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Mortor being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Mortor is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Mortor is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Mortor doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Mortor's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Mortor's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Mortor. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Mortor's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Mortor comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Mortor is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Mortor.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Mortor is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Mortor seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Mortor says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Mortor asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Mortor suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Mortor is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Mortor has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Mortor said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Mortor. Mortor seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Mortor is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Mortor was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Mortor asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Mortor falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Mortor up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Mortor having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Mortor is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Mortor scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Mortor.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Mortor falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Mortor lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Mortor. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Mortor is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Mortor brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Muriel
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Muriel asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Muriel suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Muriel is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Muriel has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Muriel said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Muriel. Muriel seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Muriel is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Muriel was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Muriel asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Muriel falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Muriel up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Muriel having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Muriel is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Muriel scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Muriel.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Muriel falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Muriel lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Muriel. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Muriel is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Muriel brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Muriel depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Muriel is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Muriel being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Muriel is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Muriel is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Muriel is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Muriel seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Muriel who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Muriel and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Muriel looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Muriel's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Muriel seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Muriel.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Muriel and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Muriel do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Muriel. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Muriel.
Muriel is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Muriel after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Muspel
Muspel is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Muspel is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Muspel wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Muspel is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Muspel is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Muspel is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Muspel says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Muspel seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Muspel in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Muspel is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Muspel says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Muspel says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Muspel picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Muspel is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Muspel thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Muspel says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Muspel asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Muspel is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Muspel looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Muspel says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Muspel wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Muspel is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Muspel says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Muspel says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Muspel seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Muspel is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Muspel says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Muspel seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Muspel is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Muspel went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Muspel claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Muspel seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Muspel says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Muspel hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Muspel says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Mute
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Mute is asking how she did in the match.
	It was pretty scary watching you so pleased with the rough plays of the opponents.
Mute looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like cats. I like the egoistic side of them.
You come across Mute thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I'm sure you can find pleasure inside of the violence of the field.
Mute is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You will be happy, while that feeling lasts.
Mute blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Hmm, I'll prepare a rougher match.
Mute is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Good. I'll train you until you can't stand up.
Mute did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	That wasn't enough! You have to try harder!
Mute is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Boxing. I like that feeling when I get hit by a punch.
Mute feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want to spend the rest of your life being with an abusive herbivore like alien creature? 
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Mute about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Mute's underwear.
Mute continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(She looks happy. Let's let her be.)
Mute is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Slap her.)
It's dinner time and Mute is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her to put the carrots in the soup on Hildegard's plate.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Mute to do?
	(Step on everyone that's still sleeping.)
Mute says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	It's fine. Eat up.
Mute is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	The tougher it gets, the better it feels to win. Right?
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Mute running up ahead.
	(Run past her and smile.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Mute's shoe.
	(Ignore it.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Slap the player in the back of the head.)
Mute hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	It seems as if pain is what keeps you going...

Mute is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Mute is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Mute wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Mute is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Mute is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Mute is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Mute says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Mute seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Mute in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Mute is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Mute says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Mute says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Mute picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Mute is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Mute thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Nana
Nana is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Nana's eyes met yours a several times and Nana asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Nana warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Nana on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Nana is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Nana is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Nana is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Nana being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Nana is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Nana is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Nana doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Nana's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Nana's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Nana. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Nana's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Nana comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Nana is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Nana.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Nana is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Nana seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Nana says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Nana is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Nana is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Nana wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Nana is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Nana is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Nana is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Nana says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Nana seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Nana in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Nana is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Nana says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Nana says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Nana picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Nana is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Nana thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Naomi
Naomi says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Naomi asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Naomi is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Naomi looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Naomi says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Naomi wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Naomi is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Naomi says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Naomi says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Naomi seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Naomi is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Naomi says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Naomi seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Naomi trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Naomi is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Naomi went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Naomi is in danger! We have to save her!
Naomi claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Naomi seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Naomi says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Naomi hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Naomi says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Naomi is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Naomi, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Naomi announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Naomi is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Naomi wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Naomi is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Naomi lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Naomi says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Naomi wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Naomi caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Naomi some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Naomi seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Naomi came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Naomi is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Naomi seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Naomi!
Naomi looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Naomi to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Nari
Nari is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Nari's eyes met yours a several times and Nari asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Nari warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Nari on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Nari is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Nari is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Nari is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Nari being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Nari is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Nari is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Nari doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Nari's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Nari's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Nari. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Nari's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Nari comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Nari is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Nari.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Nari is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Nari seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Nari says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Nari is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Nari comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Nari about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Nari is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Nari is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Nari isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Nari for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Nari and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Nari's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Nari thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Nari won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Nari suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Nari and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Nari was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Nari wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Nari is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Nebra
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Nebra is asking how he did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Nebra looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Nebra thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Nebra is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Nebra blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Nebra is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Nebra did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Nebra is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Nebra feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Nebra about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Nebra continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide him by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Nebra is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Nebra is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of him.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Nebra to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Nebra says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Nebra is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Nebra running up ahead.
	(Let him steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Nebra's shoe.
	(Tell Nebra who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Nebra.)
Nebra hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Nebra says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Nebra asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Nebra is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Nebra looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Nebra says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Nebra wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Nebra is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Nebra says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Nebra says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Nebra seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Nebra is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Nebra says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Nebra seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Nebra is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Nebra went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Nebra claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Nebra seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Nebra says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Nebra hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Nebra says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Neraizel
Neraizel is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Neraizel is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Neraizel wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Neraizel is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Neraizel is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Neraizel is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Neraizel says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Neraizel seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Neraizel in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Neraizel is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Neraizel says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Neraizel says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Neraizel picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Neraizel is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Neraizel thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You come across Neraizel, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Neraizel is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Neraizel, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Neraizel says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Neraizel about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Neraizel is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Neraizel who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Neraizel is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Neraizel, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Neraizel wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Neraizel points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Neraizel seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Neraizel is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Neraizel's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Neraizel is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Neraizel is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Nerua
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Nerua asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Nerua suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Nerua is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Nerua has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Nerua said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Nerua. Nerua seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Nerua is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Nerua was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Nerua asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Nerua falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Nerua up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Nerua having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Nerua is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Nerua scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Nerua.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Nerua falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Nerua lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Nerua. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Nerua is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Nerua brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Nerua is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Nerua comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Nerua about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Nerua is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Nerua is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Nerua isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Nerua for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Nerua and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Nerua's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Nerua thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Nerua won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Nerua suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Nerua and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Nerua was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Nerua wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Nerua is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Net
Net is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Net is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Net seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Net is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Net is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Net is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Net is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Net is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Net is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Net is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Net and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Net is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Net is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Net for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Net is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Net seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Net is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Net is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

You find Net depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Net is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Net being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Net is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Net is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Net is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Net seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Net who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Net and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Net looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Net's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Net seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Net.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Net and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Net do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Net. What should you say?
	Well, Net does have that kind of charm.
Net is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Net after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Nevantos
Nevantos is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	It's all because nobody on this team cares about strategy! This is nonsense!
Nevantos is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's stressful because we can't prepare for extraterrestrial sanitation. We're completely exposed to all those unknown...things.
Nevantos wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Perfect planning and perfect execution.
Nevantos is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Life, eh? I guess that's a bit too serious for me, but I think I understand how you feel.
Nevantos is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	How about some presents for your parents?
Nevantos is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My teammates and their flawless play!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I heard that the bath products on Earth are the best in the universe.
Nevantos says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	That's bad. I'm sure it's something important!
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	I can't stand this...I need to end this quickly and go take a shower.
Nevantos seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	The eyepatch...I wonder if she washes it. She seems to have it on at all times.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Nevantos in the face!
	Ugh...Gross...
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I could throw the ball and continue the match, but my honor wouldn't allow that.
Nevantos is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	You've become better. Now you need to focus on staying that way.
Nevantos says that the Swirlies are missing.
	I evolved them.
Nevantos says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	That's unacceptable!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Ugh...I want to dig my eyes out.
Nevantos picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Let's contact her and return this.
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Well, now what?
Nevantos is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	Do I have to stop the match?
Nevantos thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Hmm, her tail is a bit weird and her ears are definitely human...

Nevantos is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Nevantos comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Nevantos about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Nevantos is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Nevantos is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Nevantos isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Nevantos for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Nevantos and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Nevantos's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Nevantos thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Nevantos won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Nevantos suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Nevantos and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Nevantos was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Nevantos wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Nevantos is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Nia
Nia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Nia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Nia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Nia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Nia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Nia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Nia for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Nia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Nia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Nia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Nia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Nia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Nia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Nia was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Nia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Nia is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You find Nia depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Nia is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Nia being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Nia is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Nia is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Nia is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Nia seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Nia who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Nia and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Nia looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Nia's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Nia seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Nia.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Nia and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Nia do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Nia. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Nia.
Nia is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Nia after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Niarose
You find Niarose depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Niarose is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Niarose being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Niarose is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Niarose is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Niarose is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Niarose seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Niarose who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Niarose and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Niarose looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Niarose's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Niarose seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Niarose.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Niarose and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Niarose do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Niarose. What should you say?
	Well, Niarose does have that kind of charm.
Niarose is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Niarose after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Niarose seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Niarose is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Niarose came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Niarose is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Niarose is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Niarose seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Niarose seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Niarose is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Niarose is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Niarose plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Niarose and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Niarose seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Niarose's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Niarose bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Niarose is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Niarose is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Niarose is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Nikita
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Nikita asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Nikita suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Nikita is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Nikita has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Nikita said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Nikita. Nikita seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Nikita is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Nikita was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Nikita asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Nikita falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Nikita up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Nikita having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Nikita is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Nikita scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Nikita.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Nikita falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Nikita lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Nikita. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Nikita is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Nikita brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Nikita is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	It's all because nobody on this team cares about strategy! This is nonsense!
Nikita is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's stressful because we can't prepare for extraterrestrial sanitation. We're completely exposed to all those unknown...things.
Nikita wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Perfect planning and perfect execution.
Nikita is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Life, eh? I guess that's a bit too serious for me, but I think I understand how you feel.
Nikita is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	How about some presents for your parents?
Nikita is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My teammates and their flawless play!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I heard that the bath products on Earth are the best in the universe.
Nikita says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	That's bad. I'm sure it's something important!
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	I can't stand this...I need to end this quickly and go take a shower.
Nikita seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	The eyepatch...I wonder if she washes it. She seems to have it on at all times.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Nikita in the face!
	Ugh...Gross...
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I could throw the ball and continue the match, but my honor wouldn't allow that.
Nikita is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	You've become better. Now you need to focus on staying that way.
Nikita says that the Swirlies are missing.
	I evolved them.
Nikita says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	That's unacceptable!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Ugh...I want to dig my eyes out.
Nikita picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Let's contact her and return this.
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Well, now what?
Nikita is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	Do I have to stop the match?
Nikita thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Hmm, her tail is a bit weird and her ears are definitely human...

Noa
Noa is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Noa is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Noa seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Noa is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Noa is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Noa is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Noa is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Noa is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Noa is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Noa is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Noa and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Noa is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Noa is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Noa for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Noa is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Noa seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Noa is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Noa is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Noa asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Noa suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Noa is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Noa has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Noa said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Noa. Noa seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Noa is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Noa was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Noa asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Noa falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Noa up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Noa having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Noa is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Noa scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Noa.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Noa falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Noa lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Noa. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Noa is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Noa brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Noa is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Noa is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Noa, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Noa wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Noa looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Noa seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Noa is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Noa is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Noa on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Noa seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Noa seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Noa seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Noa is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Noa is prettier.
Noa refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Noa is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Noa seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Noa seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Noa looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Noa is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Noa about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Nute
Nute is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Nute is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Nute seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Nute is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Nute is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Nute is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Nute is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Nute is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Nute is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Nute is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Nute and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Nute is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Nute is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Nute for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Nute is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Nute seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Nute is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Nute is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Nute says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Nute asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Nute is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Nute looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Nute says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Nute wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Nute is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Nute says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Nute says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Nute seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Nute is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Nute says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Nute seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Nute is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Nute went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Nute claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Nute seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Nute says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Nute hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Nute says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Ogre
Ogre is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Ogre is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Ogre wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Ogre is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Ogre is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Ogre is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Ogre says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Ogre seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Ogre in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Ogre is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Ogre says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Ogre says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Ogre picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Ogre is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Ogre thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Ogre is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ogre comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Ogre about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Ogre is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Ogre is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Ogre isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ogre for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ogre and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Ogre's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Ogre thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Ogre won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Ogre suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Ogre and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Ogre was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Ogre wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Ogre is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Orses
Orses is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Orses comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Orses about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Orses is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Orses is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Orses isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Orses for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Orses and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Orses's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Orses thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Orses won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Orses suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Orses and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Orses was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Orses wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Orses is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Orses is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Orses, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Orses announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Orses is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Orses wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Orses is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find her...
You find Orses lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Orses says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Orses wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Orses caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Orses some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Orses seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Orses came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Orses is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Orses seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Orses looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Orses to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Ortega
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Ortega is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Ortega looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Ortega thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Ortega is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Ortega blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Ortega is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Ortega did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Ortega is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Ortega feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Ortega about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Ortega continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Ortega is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Ortega is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Ortega to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Ortega says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Ortega is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Ortega running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Ortega's shoe.
	(Tell Ortega who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Ortega.)
Ortega hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Ortega is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Ortega, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Ortega announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Ortega is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Ortega wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Ortega is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find her...
You find Ortega lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Ortega says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Ortega wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Ortega caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ortega some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ortega seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Ortega came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Ortega is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ortega seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Ortega looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ortega to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Patricia
Patricia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Patricia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Patricia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Patricia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Patricia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Patricia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Patricia for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Patricia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Patricia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Patricia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Patricia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Patricia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Patricia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Patricia was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Patricia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Patricia is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Patricia says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Patricia asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Patricia is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Patricia looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Patricia says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Patricia wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Patricia is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Patricia says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Patricia says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Patricia seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Patricia is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Patricia says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Patricia seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Patricia trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Patricia is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Patricia went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Patricia is in danger! We have to save her!
Patricia claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Patricia seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Patricia says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Patricia hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Patricia says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Paulina
You find Paulina depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Paulina is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Paulina being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Paulina is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Paulina is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Paulina is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Paulina seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Paulina who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Paulina and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Paulina looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Paulina's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Paulina seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Paulina.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Paulina and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Paulina do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Paulina. What should you say?
	Well, Paulina does have that kind of charm.
Paulina is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Paulina after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Paulina is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Paulina, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Paulina announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Paulina is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Paulina wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Paulina is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Paulina lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Paulina says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Paulina wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Paulina caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Paulina some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Paulina seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Paulina came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Paulina is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Paulina seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Paulina!
Paulina looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Paulina to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Pei Lin
Pei Lin is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Pei Lin is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Pei Lin seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Pei Lin is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Pei Lin is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Pei Lin is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Pei Lin is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Pei Lin is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Pei Lin is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Pei Lin is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Pei Lin and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Pei Lin is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Pei Lin is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Pei Lin for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Pei Lin is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Pei Lin seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Pei Lin is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Pei Lin is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Pei Lin asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Pei Lin suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Pei Lin is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Pei Lin has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Pei Lin said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Pei Lin. Pei Lin seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Pei Lin is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Pei Lin was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Pei Lin asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Pei Lin falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Pei Lin up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Pei Lin having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Pei Lin is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Pei Lin scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Pei Lin.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Pei Lin falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Pei Lin lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Pei Lin. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Pei Lin is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Pei Lin brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Phil
Phil is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Phil is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Phil seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Phil is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Phil is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Phil is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Phil is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Phil is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Phil is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Phil is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Phil and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Phil is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Phil is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Phil for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in his dictionary.
Phil is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Phil seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Phil is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Phil is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

You find Phil depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Phil is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Phil being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Phil is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Phil is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Phil is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Phil seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Phil who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Phil and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Phil looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Phil's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Phil seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Phil.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Phil and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Phil do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Phil. What should you say?
	Well, Phil does have that kind of charm.
Phil is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Phil after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Pinol
Pinol is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	It's all because nobody on this team cares about strategy! This is nonsense!
Pinol is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's stressful because we can't prepare for extraterrestrial sanitation. We're completely exposed to all those unknown...things.
Pinol wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Perfect planning and perfect execution.
Pinol is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Life, eh? I guess that's a bit too serious for me, but I think I understand how you feel.
Pinol is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	How about some presents for your parents?
Pinol is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My teammates and their flawless play!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I heard that the bath products on Earth are the best in the universe.
Pinol says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	That's bad. I'm sure it's something important!
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	I can't stand this...I need to end this quickly and go take a shower.
Pinol seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	The eyepatch...I wonder if she washes it. She seems to have it on at all times.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Pinol in the face!
	Ugh...Gross...
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I could throw the ball and continue the match, but my honor wouldn't allow that.
Pinol is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	You've become better. Now you need to focus on staying that way.
Pinol says that the Swirlies are missing.
	I evolved them.
Pinol says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	That's unacceptable!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Ugh...I want to dig my eyes out.
Pinol picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Let's contact her and return this.
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Well, now what?
Pinol is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	Do I have to stop the match?
Pinol thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Hmm, her tail is a bit weird and her ears are definitely human...

Pinol is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Pinol comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Pinol about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Pinol is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Pinol is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Pinol isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Pinol for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Pinol and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Pinol's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Pinol thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Pinol won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Pinol suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Pinol and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Pinol was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Pinol wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Pinol is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Presty
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Presty is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Presty looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Presty thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Presty is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Presty blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Presty is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Presty did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Presty is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Presty feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Presty about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Presty continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Presty is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Presty is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Presty to do?
	They all need scolding.
Presty says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Presty is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Presty running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Presty's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Presty hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

You find Presty depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Presty is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Presty being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Presty is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Presty is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Presty is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Presty seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Presty who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Presty and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Presty looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Presty's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Presty seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Presty.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Presty and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Presty do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Presty. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Presty.
Presty is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Presty after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Princess Meiran
Princess Meiran is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Princess Meiran is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Princess Meiran seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Princess Meiran is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Princess Meiran is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Princess Meiran is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Princess Meiran is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Princess Meiran is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Princess Meiran is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Princess Meiran is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Princess Meiran and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Princess Meiran is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Princess Meiran is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Princess Meiran for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Princess Meiran is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Princess Meiran seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Princess Meiran is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Princess Meiran is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Princess Meiran is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Princess Meiran comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Princess Meiran about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Princess Meiran is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Princess Meiran is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Princess Meiran isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Princess Meiran for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Princess Meiran and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Princess Meiran's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Princess Meiran thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Princess Meiran won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Princess Meiran suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Princess Meiran and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Princess Meiran was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Princess Meiran wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Princess Meiran is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Raiden
Raiden is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Raiden's eyes met yours a several times and Raiden asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Raiden warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Raiden on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Raiden is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Raiden is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Raiden is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Raiden being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Raiden is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Raiden is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Raiden doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Raiden's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Raiden's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Raiden. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Raiden's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Raiden comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Raiden is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Raiden.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Raiden is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Raiden seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Raiden says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Raiden is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Raiden, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Raiden announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Raiden is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Raiden wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Raiden is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find him...
You find Raiden lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Raiden says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Raiden wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Raiden caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Raiden some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Raiden seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Raiden came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Raiden is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Raiden seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Raiden looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Raiden to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Raklet
Raklet is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Raklet comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Raklet about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Raklet is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Raklet is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Raklet isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Raklet for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Raklet and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Raklet's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Raklet thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Raklet won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Raklet suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Raklet and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Raklet was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Raklet wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Raklet is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Raklet asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Fair spirit and sportsmanship.
Raklet is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	As pathetic as they are, let's let this one slide.
Being too excited, Raklet is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	I've never seen you so excited! You did a great job out there!
Raklet is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I guess the platonic side would be important.
Raklet seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	I think it'll suit you well.
Raklet asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Spy on the teammates to see if they're doing anything funny.)
Raklet heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	Whatever you do, just pray not to confront team Nightmare.
Raklet, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe you could become a couple if you really really like her.
Recently, Raklet seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I can't believe he's still an active player even at that age.
Raklet is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	If they choose to attack you...Be careful.
Raklet is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Maybe being the heir of an honorable family has its burdens.
Raklet's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(Give her a new uniform.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Raklet and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Come to me! I'll take care of it!
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Raklet's plays. Let's add in.
	You just got praised by Kaidormu! That's awesome!
The team became furious after seeing Raklet fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	You did well. Don't worry!
Raklet is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	I recommend the pure Paradise of Light.
Raklet is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I sold him. We were in need of Gold.
Raklet is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Just stay out of trouble.
It seems that Raklet is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Why don't you start with trading diaries?
Raklet is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Stop goofing around and play the game.

Ralph
Ralph is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Ralph is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Ralph seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Ralph is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Ralph is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Ralph is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Ralph is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Ralph is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Ralph is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Ralph is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Ralph and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Ralph is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Ralph is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Ralph for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Ralph is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Ralph seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Ralph is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Ralph is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ralph asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Ralph suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Ralph is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Ralph has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Ralph said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Ralph. Ralph seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Ralph is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Ralph was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ralph asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Ralph falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ralph up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ralph having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Ralph is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Ralph scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ralph.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Ralph falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Ralph lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ralph. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ralph is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Ralph brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Ramia
Ramia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ramia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Ramia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Ramia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Ramia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Ramia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ramia for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ramia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Ramia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Ramia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Ramia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Ramia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Ramia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Ramia was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Ramia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Ramia is standing still doing nothing.
	What is she doing? Is she a totem?

Ramia is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ramia, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ramia announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ramia is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ramia wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ramia is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ramia? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Ramia lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ramia says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ramia wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ramia caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ramia some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ramia seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ramia came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ramia is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ramia seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ramia looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ramia to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Rammi
Rammi is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Rammi, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Rammi announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Rammi is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Rammi wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Rammi is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Rammi? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Rammi lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Rammi says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Rammi wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Rammi caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Rammi some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Rammi seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Rammi came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Rammi is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Rammi seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Rammi looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Rammi to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

You come across Rammi, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Rammi is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Rammi, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Rammi says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Rammi about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Rammi is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Rammi who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Rammi is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Rammi, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Rammi wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Rammi points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Rammi seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Rammi is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Rammi's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Rammi is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Rammi is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Rasia
You find Rasia depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Rasia is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Rasia being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Rasia is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Rasia is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Rasia is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Rasia seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Rasia who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Rasia and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Rasia looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Rasia's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Rasia seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Rasia.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Rasia and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Rasia do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Rasia. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Rasia.
Rasia is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Rasia after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Rasiel
Rasiel is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Rasiel is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Rasiel seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Rasiel is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Rasiel is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Rasiel is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Rasiel is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Rasiel is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Rasiel is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Rasiel is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Rasiel and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Rasiel is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Rasiel is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Rasiel for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Rasiel is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Rasiel seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Rasiel is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Rasiel is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Rasiel says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Rasiel asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Rasiel is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Rasiel looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Rasiel says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Rasiel wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Rasiel is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Rasiel says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Rasiel says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Rasiel seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Rasiel is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Rasiel says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Rasiel seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Rasiel is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Rasiel went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Rasiel claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Rasiel seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Rasiel says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Rasiel hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Rasiel says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Ravi
Ravi is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
Ravi is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
Ravi seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
Ravi is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
Ravi is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
Ravi is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
Ravi is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
Ravi is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
Ravi is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and Ravi is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock Ravi and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
Ravi is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
Ravi is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about Ravi for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in her dictionary.
Ravi is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
Ravi seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, Ravi is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
Ravi is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

Ravi is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ravi, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ravi announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ravi is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ravi wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ravi is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ravi? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Ravi lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ravi says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ravi wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ravi caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ravi some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ravi seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ravi came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ravi is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ravi seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ravi looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ravi to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Ravian
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ravian asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Ravian suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Ravian is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Ravian has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Ravian said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Ravian. Ravian seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Ravian is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Ravian was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ravian asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Ravian falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ravian up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ravian having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Ravian is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Ravian scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ravian.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Ravian falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Ravian lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ravian. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ravian is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Ravian brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Ravian seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Ravian is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Ravian came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Ravian is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Ravian is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Ravian seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Ravian seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Ravian is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Ravian is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Ravian plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Ravian and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Ravian seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Ravian's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Ravian bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Ravian is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Ravian is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Ravian is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Ravian is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ravian, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ravian announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ravian is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ravian wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ravian is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ravian? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Ravian lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ravian says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ravian wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ravian caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ravian some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ravian seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ravian came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ravian is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ravian seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ravian looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ravian to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Ray
Ray is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ray comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Ray about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Ray is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Ray is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Ray isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ray for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ray and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Ray's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Ray thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Ray won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Ray suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Ray and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Ray was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Ray wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Ray is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Ray is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ray, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ray announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ray is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ray wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ray is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ray? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Ray lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ray says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ray wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ray caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ray some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ray seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ray came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ray is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ray seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ray looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ray to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Renee
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Renee is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Renee looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Renee thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Renee is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Renee blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Renee is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Renee did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Renee is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Renee feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Renee about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Renee continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Renee is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Renee is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Renee to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Renee says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Renee is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Renee running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Renee's shoe.
	(Tell Renee who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Renee.)
Renee hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Renee says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Renee asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Renee is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Renee looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Renee says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Renee wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Renee is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Renee says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Renee says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Renee seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Renee is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Renee says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Renee seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Renee is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Renee went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Renee claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Renee seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Renee says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Renee hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Renee says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Reto
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Reto asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Reto suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Reto is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Reto has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Reto said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Reto. Reto seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Reto is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Reto was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Reto asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Reto falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Reto up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Reto having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Reto is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Reto scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Reto.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Reto falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Reto lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Reto. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Reto is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Reto brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Reto is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Reto, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Reto announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Reto is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Reto wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Reto is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Reto lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Reto says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Reto wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Reto caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Reto some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Reto seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Reto came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Reto is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Reto seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Reto!
Reto looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Reto to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Revito
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Revito is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Revito looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Revito thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Revito is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Revito blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Revito is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Revito did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Revito is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Revito feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Revito about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Revito continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Revito is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Revito is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Revito to do?
	They all need scolding.
Revito says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Revito is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Revito running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Revito's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Revito hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Revito seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Revito is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Revito came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Revito is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Revito is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Revito seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Revito seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Revito is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Revito is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Revito plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Revito and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Revito seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Revito's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Revito bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Revito is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Revito is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Revito is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Rigoletto
Rigoletto is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Rigoletto comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Rigoletto about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Rigoletto is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Rigoletto is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Rigoletto isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Rigoletto for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Rigoletto and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Rigoletto's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Rigoletto thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Rigoletto won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Rigoletto suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Rigoletto and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Rigoletto was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Rigoletto wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Rigoletto is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Rigoletto is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Rigoletto, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Rigoletto announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Rigoletto is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Rigoletto wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Rigoletto is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Rigoletto? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Rigoletto lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Rigoletto says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Rigoletto wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Rigoletto caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Rigoletto some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Rigoletto seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Rigoletto came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Rigoletto is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Rigoletto seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Rigoletto looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Rigoletto to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Ripa
Ripa is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Ripa is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Ripa wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Ripa is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Ripa is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Ripa is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Ripa says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Ripa seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Ripa in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Ripa is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Ripa says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Ripa says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Ripa picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Ripa is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Ripa thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Ripa is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ripa comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Ripa about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Ripa is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Ripa is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Ripa isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ripa for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ripa and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Ripa's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Ripa thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Ripa won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Ripa suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Ripa and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Ripa was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Ripa wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Ripa is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Rize
Rize is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Rize's eyes met yours a several times and Rize asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on her face, Rize warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Rize on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Rize is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Rize is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Rize is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Rize being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Rize is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Rize is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Rize doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Rize's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Rize's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Rize. What should we do?
	She is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Rize's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Rize comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Rize is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Rize.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Rize is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Rize seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Rize says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

You find Rize depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Rize is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Rize being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Rize is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Rize is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Rize is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Rize seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Rize who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Rize and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Rize looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Rize's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Rize seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Rize.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Rize and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Rize do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Rize. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Rize.
Rize is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Rize after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Robin
Robin is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Robin's eyes met yours a several times and Robin asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Robin warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Robin on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Robin is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Robin is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Robin is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Robin being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Robin is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Robin is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Robin doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Robin's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Robin's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Robin. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Robin's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Robin comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Robin is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Robin.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Robin is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Robin seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Robin says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Robin is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Robin comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Robin about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Robin is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Robin is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Robin isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Robin for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Robin and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Robin's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Robin thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Robin won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Robin suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Robin and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Robin was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Robin wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Robin is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Roina
Roina is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Roina is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Roina, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Roina wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Roina looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Roina seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Roina is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Roina is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Roina on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Roina seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Roina seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Roina seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Roina is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Roina is prettier.
Roina refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Roina is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Roina seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Roina seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Roina looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Roina is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Roina about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Roina is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Roina's eyes met yours a several times and Roina asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Roina warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Roina on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Roina is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Roina is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Roina is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Roina being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Roina is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Roina is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Roina doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Roina's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Roina's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Roina. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Roina's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Roina comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Roina is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Roina.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Roina is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Roina seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Roina says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Ronald
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ronald asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Ronald suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Ronald is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Ronald has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Ronald said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Ronald. Ronald seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Ronald is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Ronald was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ronald asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Ronald falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ronald up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ronald having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Ronald is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Ronald scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ronald.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Ronald falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Ronald lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ronald. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ronald is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Ronald brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Ronald is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ronald comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Ronald about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Ronald is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Ronald is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Ronald isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ronald for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ronald and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Ronald's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Ronald thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Ronald won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Ronald suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Ronald and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Ronald was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Ronald wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Ronald is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Rosaria
Rosaria is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Rosaria is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Rosaria seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Rosaria is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Rosaria is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Rosaria is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Rosaria is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Rosaria is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Rosaria is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Rosaria is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Rosaria and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Rosaria is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Rosaria is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Rosaria for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Rosaria is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Rosaria seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Rosaria is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Rosaria is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Rosaria seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Rosaria is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Rosaria came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Rosaria is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Rosaria is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Rosaria seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Rosaria seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Rosaria is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Rosaria is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Rosaria plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Rosaria and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Rosaria seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Rosaria's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Rosaria bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Rosaria is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Rosaria is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Rosaria is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Rosette
Rosette is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Rosette is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Rosette seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Rosette is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Rosette is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Rosette is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Rosette is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Rosette is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Rosette is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Rosette is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Rosette and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Rosette is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Rosette is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Rosette for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Rosette is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Rosette seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Rosette is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Rosette is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Rosette is asking how she did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Rosette looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Rosette thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Rosette is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Rosette blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Rosette is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Rosette did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Rosette is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Rosette feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Rosette about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Rosette continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide her by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Rosette is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Rosette is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of her.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Rosette to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Rosette says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Rosette is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Rosette running up ahead.
	(Let her steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Rosette's shoe.
	(Tell Rosette who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Rosette.)
Rosette hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Rudiel
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Rudiel asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Rudiel suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Rudiel is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Rudiel has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Rudiel said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Rudiel. Rudiel seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Rudiel is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Rudiel was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Rudiel asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Rudiel falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Rudiel up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Rudiel having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Rudiel is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Rudiel scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Rudiel.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Rudiel falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Rudiel lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Rudiel. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Rudiel is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Rudiel brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Rudiel is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Rudiel comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Rudiel about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Rudiel is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Rudiel is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Rudiel isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Rudiel for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Rudiel and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Rudiel's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Rudiel thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Rudiel won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Rudiel suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Rudiel and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Rudiel was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Rudiel wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Rudiel is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Rudy
Rudy is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Rudy is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Rudy seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Rudy is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Rudy is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Rudy is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Rudy is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Rudy is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Rudy is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Rudy is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Rudy and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Rudy is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Rudy is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Rudy for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Rudy is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Rudy seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Rudy is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Rudy is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Rudy says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Rudy asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Rudy is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Rudy looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Rudy says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Rudy wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Rudy is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Rudy says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Rudy says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Rudy seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Rudy is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Rudy says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Rudy seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Rudy is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Rudy went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Rudy claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Rudy seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Rudy says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Rudy hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Rudy says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Ruen
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Ruen is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Ruen looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Ruen thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Ruen is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Ruen blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Ruen is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Ruen did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Ruen is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Ruen feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Ruen about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Ruen continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Ruen is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Ruen is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Ruen to do?
	They all need scolding.
Ruen says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Ruen is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Ruen running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Ruen's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Ruen hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Ruen says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Ruen asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Ruen is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Ruen looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Ruen says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Ruen wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Ruen is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Ruen says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Ruen says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Ruen seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Ruen is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Ruen says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Ruen seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Ruen is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Ruen went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Ruen claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Ruen seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Ruen says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Ruen hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Ruen says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Ryle
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Ryle asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Ryle suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Ryle is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Ryle has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Ryle said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Ryle. Ryle seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Ryle is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Ryle was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Ryle asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Ryle falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Ryle up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Ryle having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Ryle is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Ryle scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Ryle.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Ryle falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Ryle lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Ryle. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Ryle is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Ryle brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Ryle is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ryle comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Ryle about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Ryle is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Ryle is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Ryle isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ryle for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ryle and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Ryle's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Ryle thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Ryle won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Ryle suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Ryle and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Ryle was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Ryle wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Ryle is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Ryu
Ryu is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Ryu comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Ryu about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Ryu is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Ryu is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Ryu isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Ryu for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Ryu and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Ryu's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Ryu thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Ryu won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Ryu suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Ryu and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Ryu was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Ryu wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Ryu is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Ryu is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Ryu, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Ryu announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Ryu is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Ryu wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Ryu is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Ryu? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Ryu lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Ryu says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Ryu wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Ryu caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Ryu some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Ryu seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Ryu came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Ryu is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Ryu seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Ryu looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Ryu to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Sage
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sage asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Sage suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Sage is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Sage has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Sage said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Sage. Sage seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Sage is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Sage was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sage asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Sage falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sage up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sage having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Sage is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Sage scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sage.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Sage falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Sage lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sage. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sage is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Sage brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Sage depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Sage is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Sage being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Sage is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Sage is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Sage is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Sage seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Sage who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Sage and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Sage looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Sage's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Sage seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Sage.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Sage and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Sage do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Sage. What should you say?
	Well, Sage does have that kind of charm.
Sage is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Sage after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Sam
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sam asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Sam suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Sam is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Sam has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Sam said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Sam. Sam seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Sam is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Sam was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sam asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Sam falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sam up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sam having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Sam is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Sam scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sam.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Sam falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Sam lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sam. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sam is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Sam brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find Sam depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Sam is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Sam being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Sam is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Sam is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Sam is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Sam seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Sam who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Sam and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Sam looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Sam's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Sam seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Sam.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Sam and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Sam do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Sam. What should you say?
	Well, Sam does have that kind of charm.
Sam is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Sam after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Sam is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Sam's eyes met yours a several times and Sam asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on his face, Sam warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Sam on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Sam is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Sam is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Sam is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Sam being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Sam is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Sam is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Sam doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Sam's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Sam's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Sam. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Sam's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Sam comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Sam is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Sam.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Sam is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Sam seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Sam says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Sammy
Sammy is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Sammy is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Sammy wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Sammy is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Sammy is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Sammy is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Sammy says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Sammy seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Sammy in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Sammy is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Sammy says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Sammy says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Sammy picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Sammy is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Sammy thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You come across Sammy, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Sammy is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Sammy, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Sammy says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Sammy about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Sammy is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Sammy who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Sammy is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Sammy, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Sammy wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Sammy points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Sammy seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Sammy is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Sammy's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Sammy is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Sammy is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Sarah
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sarah asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Sarah suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Sarah is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Sarah has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Sarah said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Sarah. Sarah seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Sarah is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Sarah was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sarah asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Sarah falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sarah up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sarah having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Sarah is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Sarah scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sarah.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Sarah falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Sarah lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sarah. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sarah is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Sarah brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

You find Sarah depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Sarah is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Sarah being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Sarah is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Sarah is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Sarah is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Sarah seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Sarah who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Sarah and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Sarah looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Sarah's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Sarah seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Sarah.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Sarah and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Sarah do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Sarah. What should you say?
	Well, Sarah does have that kind of charm.
Sarah is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Sarah after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Saramir
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Saramir asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Saramir suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Saramir is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Saramir has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Saramir said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Saramir. Saramir seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Saramir is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Saramir was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Saramir asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Saramir falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Saramir up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Saramir having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Saramir is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Saramir scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Saramir.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Saramir falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Saramir lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Saramir. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Saramir is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Saramir brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Saramir is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Saramir is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Saramir wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Saramir is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Saramir is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Saramir is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Saramir says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Saramir seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Saramir in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Saramir is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Saramir says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Saramir says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Saramir picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Saramir is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Saramir thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Saunier
Saunier is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Saunier's eyes met yours a several times and Saunier asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Saunier warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Saunier on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Saunier is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Saunier is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Saunier is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Saunier being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Saunier is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Saunier is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Saunier doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Saunier's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Saunier's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Saunier. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Saunier's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Saunier comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Saunier is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Saunier.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Saunier is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Saunier seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Saunier says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Saunier seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Saunier is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Saunier came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Saunier is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Saunier is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Saunier seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Saunier seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Saunier is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Saunier is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Saunier plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Saunier and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Saunier seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Saunier's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Saunier bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Saunier is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Saunier is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Saunier is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Savnok
Savnok is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Savnok comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Savnok about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Savnok is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Savnok is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Savnok isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Savnok for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Savnok and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Savnok's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Savnok thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Savnok won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Savnok suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Savnok and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Savnok was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Savnok wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Savnok is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Savnok seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Savnok is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Savnok came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Savnok is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Savnok is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Savnok seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Savnok seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Savnok is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Savnok is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Savnok plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Savnok and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Savnok seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Savnok's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Savnok bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Savnok is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Savnok is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Savnok is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Scarlet
Scarlet says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Scarlet asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Scarlet is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Scarlet looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Scarlet says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Scarlet wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Scarlet is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Scarlet says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Scarlet says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Scarlet seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Scarlet is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Scarlet says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Scarlet seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Scarlet is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Scarlet went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of her when she comes back.
Scarlet claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Scarlet seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Scarlet says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Scarlet hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Scarlet says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Scarlet is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Scarlet is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Scarlet, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Scarlet wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Scarlet looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Scarlet seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Scarlet is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Scarlet is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Scarlet on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Scarlet seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Scarlet seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Scarlet seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Scarlet is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Scarlet is prettier.
Scarlet refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Scarlet is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Scarlet seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Scarlet seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Scarlet looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Scarlet is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Scarlet about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Scott
Scott is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Scott is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Scott wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Scott is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Scott is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Scott is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Scott says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Scott seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Scott in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Scott is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Scott says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Scott says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Scott picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Scott is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Scott thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Scott is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Scott comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Scott about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Scott is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Scott is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Scott isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Scott for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Scott and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Scott's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Scott thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Scott won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Scott suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Scott and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Scott was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Scott wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Scott is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

Sean
Sean is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Sean is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Sean seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Sean is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Sean is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Sean is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Sean is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Sean is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Sean is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Sean is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Sean and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Sean is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Sean is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Sean for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Sean is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Sean seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Sean is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Sean is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Sean is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Sean is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Sean wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Sean is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Sean is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Sean is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Sean says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Sean seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Sean in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Sean is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Sean says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Sean says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Sean picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Sean is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Sean thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Selpina
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Selpina asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Selpina suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Selpina is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Selpina has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Selpina said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Selpina. Selpina seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Selpina is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Selpina was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Selpina asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Selpina falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Selpina up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Selpina having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Selpina is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Selpina scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Selpina.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Selpina falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Selpina lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Selpina. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Selpina is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Selpina brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Selpina is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Selpina, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Selpina announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Selpina is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Selpina wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Selpina is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Selpina? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Selpina lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Selpina says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Selpina wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Selpina caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Selpina some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Selpina seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Selpina came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Selpina is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Selpina seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Selpina looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Selpina to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Sena
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sena asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Sena suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Sena is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Sena has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Sena said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Sena. Sena seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Sena is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Sena was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sena asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Sena falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sena up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sena having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Sena is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Sena scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sena.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Sena falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Sena lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sena. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sena is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Sena brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Sena is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Sena comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Sena about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Sena is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Sena is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Sena isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Sena for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Sena and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Sena's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Sena thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Sena won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Sena suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Sena and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Sena was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Sena wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Sena is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Serestia
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Serestia asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Serestia suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Serestia is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Serestia has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Serestia said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Serestia. Serestia seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Serestia is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Serestia was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Serestia asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Serestia falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Serestia up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Serestia having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Serestia is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Serestia scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Serestia.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Serestia falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Serestia lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Serestia. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Serestia is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Serestia brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Serestia seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Serestia is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Serestia came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Serestia is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Serestia is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Serestia seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Serestia seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Serestia is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Serestia is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Serestia plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Serestia and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Serestia seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Serestia's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Serestia bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Serestia is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Serestia is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Serestia is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Shairan
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Shairan asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Shairan suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Shairan is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Shairan has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Shairan said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Shairan. Shairan seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Shairan is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Shairan was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Shairan asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Shairan falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Shairan up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Shairan having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Shairan is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Shairan scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Shairan.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Shairan falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Shairan lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Shairan. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Shairan is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Shairan brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Shairan is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Shairan is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Shairan, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Shairan wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe she brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Shairan looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Shairan seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	Should we join the club?
Shairan is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Shairan is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Shairan on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Shairan seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Shairan seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Shairan seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Shairan is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Shairan is prettier.
Shairan refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Shairan is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Shairan seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Shairan seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Shairan looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Shairan is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Shairan about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Shanti
You find Shanti depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Shanti is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Shanti being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Shanti is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Shanti is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Shanti is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Shanti seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Shanti who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Shanti and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Shanti looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Shanti's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Shanti seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Shanti.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Shanti and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Shanti do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Shanti. What should you say?
	Well, Shanti does have that kind of charm.
Shanti is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Shanti after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Shanti is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Shanti, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Shanti announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Shanti is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Shanti wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Shanti is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Shanti lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Shanti says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Shanti wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Shanti caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Shanti some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Shanti seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Shanti came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Shanti is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Shanti seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Shanti!
Shanti looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Shanti to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Sharr
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sharr asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Sharr suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Sharr is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Sharr has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Sharr said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Sharr. Sharr seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Sharr is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Sharr was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sharr asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Sharr falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sharr up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sharr having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Sharr is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Sharr scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sharr.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Sharr falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Sharr lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sharr. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sharr is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Sharr brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Sharr says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Sharr asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Sharr is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Sharr looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Sharr says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Sharr wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Sharr is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Sharr says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Sharr says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Sharr seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Sharr is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Sharr says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Sharr seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Sharr.
Sharr is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Sharr went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Sharr claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Sharr seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Sharr says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Sharr hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Sharr says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Shu
Shu is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Shu is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Shu seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Shu is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Shu is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Shu is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Shu is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Shu is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Shu is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Shu is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Shu and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Shu is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Shu is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Shu for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Shu is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Shu seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Shu is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Shu is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Shu seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Shu is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Shu came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Shu is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Shu is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Shu seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Shu seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Shu is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Shu is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Shu plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Shu and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Shu seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Shu's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Shu bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Shu is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Shu is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Shu is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Shura
You find Shura depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Shura is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Shura being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Shura is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Shura is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Shura is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Shura seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Shura who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Shura and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Shura looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Shura's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Shura seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Shura.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Shura and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Shura do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Shura. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Shura.
Shura is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Shura after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Shura is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Shura, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Shura announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Shura is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Shura wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Shura is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Shura lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Shura says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Shura wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Shura caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Shura some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Shura seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Shura came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Shura is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Shura seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Shura!
Shura looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Shura to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Siegfried
Siegfried is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Siegfried, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Siegfried announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Siegfried is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Siegfried wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Siegfried is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Siegfried? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Siegfried lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Siegfried says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Siegfried wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Siegfried caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Siegfried some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Siegfried seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Siegfried came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Siegfried is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Siegfried seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Siegfried looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Siegfried to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Siegfried seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Siegfried is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Siegfried came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Siegfried is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Siegfried is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Siegfried seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Siegfried seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Siegfried is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Siegfried is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Siegfried plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Siegfried and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Siegfried seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Siegfried's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Siegfried bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Siegfried is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Siegfried is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Siegfried is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Silk
Silk says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Silk asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Silk is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Silk looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Silk says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Silk wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Silk is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Silk says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Silk says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Silk seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Silk is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Silk says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Silk seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Silk trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Silk is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Silk went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Silk is in danger! We have to save her!
Silk claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Silk seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Silk says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Silk hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Silk says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Silk is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	Well, you're looking at the one person that is making this team great.
Silk is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm sure the lesson here is that all of us need to learn.
Silk, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Stop being embarrassed and just accept the compliments, will you?
Silk wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(There must be a reason why she started this conversation.)
Silk looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Isn't it awesome to see the galaxy come together for soccer?
Silk seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	It's all good as long as it doesn't affect the match.
Silk is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	Good rivalry brings both sides to higher levels.
Silk is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's good looking and has a good personality. Maybe that's why.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Silk on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Silk seems angry...
	He's like the wind. There wasn't even time to chat.
The team is at Metro City. Silk seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how even the minority can be saved in this society.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Silk seems confused.
	Looks like Ogre is goofing around. I mean the guy has like over 200 pounds over Kuma.
Silk is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	Congratulations!
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Political power means nothing on the field.
Silk refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	That's not like you...
Silk is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	She's kind and sweet. Maybe you'll have a shot?
Silk seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	Looks aren't important when it comes to soccer.
Silk seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	I like how you're doing your best.
Silk looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	It's not your fault. Let's try to find out why this is happening.
It's a tough match, but Silk is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	You're a good person.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Silk about what to do.
	Let's be prepared to take care of her in case her sickness gets worse.

Silla
Silla is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Silla's eyes met yours a several times and Silla asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Silla warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Silla on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Silla is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Silla is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Silla is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Silla being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Silla is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Silla is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Silla doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Silla's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Silla's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Silla. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Silla's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Silla comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Silla is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Silla.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Silla is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Silla seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Silla says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Silla asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Silla suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Silla is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Silla has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Silla said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Silla. Silla seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Silla is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Silla was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Silla asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Silla falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Silla up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Silla having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Silla is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Silla scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Silla.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Silla falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Silla lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Silla. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Silla is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Silla brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Sirius
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sirius asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Sirius suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Sirius is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Sirius has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Sirius said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Sirius. Sirius seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Sirius is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Sirius was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sirius asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Sirius falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sirius up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sirius having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Sirius is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Sirius scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sirius.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Sirius falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Sirius lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sirius. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sirius is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Sirius brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Sirius says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Sirius asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Sirius is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Sirius looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Sirius says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Sirius wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Sirius is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Sirius says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Sirius says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Sirius seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Sirius is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Sirius says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Sirius seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Sirius trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Sirius is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Sirius went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Sirius is in danger! We have to save her!
Sirius claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Sirius seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Sirius says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Sirius hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Sirius says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Skada
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Skada is asking how he did in the match.
	You were picking the other team apart! It was awesome!
Skada looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I like puppies. The loyal ones!
You come across Skada thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	I feel something when I overpower my opponents on the field.
Skada is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	You don't need to be the one being dragged around.
Skada blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	*Smiles bitterly*
Skada is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	Sure. Let's get on to it.
Skada did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	Sorry, I feel that this is on me.
Skada is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	Rugby, a sport of strength!
Skada feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...That's not a rabbit.
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Skada about what to do with him.
	Let's make him put on Ogre's underwear.
Skada continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Guide him by kicking the ball toward the weak link in the opponent's defense.)
Skada is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Ignore it.)
It's dinner time and Skada is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Eat it instead of him.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Skada to do?
	Wake them up. Kick them if you need to.
Skada says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	We shouldn't throw away food. Let's give it to somebody else.
Skada is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	(Step on the referee's foot and pretend it was an accident.)
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Skada running up ahead.
	(Let him steal your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Skada's shoe.
	(Tell Skada who did this.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Leave it to Skada.)
Skada hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Okay. You make them pay, understand?

Skada is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Skada comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Skada about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Skada is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Skada is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Skada isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Skada for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Skada and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Skada's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Skada thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Skada won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Skada suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Skada and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Skada was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Skada wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Skada is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Skorn
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Skorn is asking how he did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Skorn looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Skorn thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Skorn is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Skorn blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Skorn is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	If that's your wish.
Skorn did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Skorn is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Skorn feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Skorn about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Skorn continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Skorn is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick him out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Skorn is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell him that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Skorn to do?
	They all need scolding.
Skorn says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Skorn is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Skorn running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Skorn's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Skorn hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Skorn says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Skorn asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Skorn is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Skorn looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Skorn says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Skorn wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Skorn is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Skorn says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Skorn says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Skorn seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Skorn is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Skorn says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Skorn seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Skorn is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Skorn went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Skorn claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Skorn seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Skorn says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Skorn hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Skorn says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Sky
Sky is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Sky comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Sky about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Sky is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Sky is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Sky isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Sky for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Sky and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Sky's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Sky thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Sky won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Sky suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Sky and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Sky was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Sky wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Sky is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

You find Sky depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Sky is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Sky being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Sky is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Sky is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Sky is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Sky seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Sky who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Sky and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Sky looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Sky's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Sky seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Sky.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Sky and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Sky do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Sky. What should you say?
	Well, Sky does have that kind of charm.
Sky is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Sky after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Sofia
Sofia is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Sofia's eyes met yours a several times and Sofia asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Sofia warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Sofia on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Sofia is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Sofia is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Sofia is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Sofia being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Sofia is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Sofia is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Sofia doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Sofia's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Sofia's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Sofia. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Sofia's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Sofia comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Sofia is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Sofia.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Sofia is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Sofia seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Sofia says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Sofia says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Sofia asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Sofia is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Sofia looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Sofia says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Sofia wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Sofia is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Sofia says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Sofia says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Sofia seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Sofia is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Sofia says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Sofia seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Sofia trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Sofia is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Sofia went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Sofia is in danger! We have to save her!
Sofia claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Sofia seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Sofia says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Sofia hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Sofia says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Sophie
You find Sophie depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Sophie is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Sophie being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Sophie is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Sophie is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Sophie is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Sophie seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Sophie who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Sophie and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Sophie looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Sophie's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Sophie seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Sophie.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Sophie and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Sophie do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Sophie. What should you say?
	Well, Sophie does have that kind of charm.
Sophie is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Sophie after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Sophie asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Sophie is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Sophie is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Sophie is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Sophie seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Sophie asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Sophie heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Sophie, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Sophie seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Sophie is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Sophie is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Sophie's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Sophie's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Sophie and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Sophie's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Sophie fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Sophie is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Sophie is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Sophie is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Sophie is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Sophie is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Sorrow
Sorrow is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Sorrow is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Sorrow wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Sorrow is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Sorrow is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Sorrow is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Sorrow says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Sorrow seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Sorrow in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Sorrow is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Sorrow says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Sorrow says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Sorrow picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Sorrow is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Sorrow thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Sorrow is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Sorrow, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Sorrow announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Sorrow is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Sorrow wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Sorrow is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Sorrow? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Sorrow lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Sorrow says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Sorrow wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Sorrow caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Sorrow some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Sorrow seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Sorrow came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Sorrow is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Sorrow seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Sorrow looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Sorrow to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Stella
Stella is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Stella is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Stella seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Stella is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Stella is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Stella is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Stella is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Stella is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Stella is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Stella is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Stella and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Stella is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Stella is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Stella for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Stella is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Stella seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Stella is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Stella is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Stella asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Stella suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Stella is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Stella has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Stella said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Stella. Stella seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Stella is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Stella was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Stella asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Stella falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Stella up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Stella having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Stella is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Stella scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Stella.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Stella falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Stella lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Stella. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Stella is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Stella brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Sue
Sue is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Sue, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Sue announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Sue is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Sue wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Sue is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Sue lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Sue says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Sue wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Sue caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Sue some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Sue seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Sue came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Sue is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Sue seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Sue!
Sue looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Sue to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Sue is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Sue is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Sue wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Sue is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Sue is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Sue is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Sue says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Sue seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Sue in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Sue is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Sue says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Sue says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Sue picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Sue is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Sue thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Sunny
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Sunny asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Sunny suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Sunny is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Sunny has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Sunny said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Sunny. Sunny seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Sunny is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Sunny was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Sunny asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Sunny falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Sunny up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Sunny having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Sunny is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Sunny scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Sunny.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Sunny falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Sunny lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Sunny. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Sunny is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Sunny brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Sunny is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Sunny is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Sunny wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Sunny is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Sunny is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Sunny is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Sunny says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Sunny seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Sunny in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Sunny is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Sunny says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Sunny says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Sunny picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Sunny is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Sunny thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Susie
Susie is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Susie's eyes met yours a several times and Susie asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Susie warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Susie on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Susie is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Susie is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Susie is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Susie being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Susie is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Susie is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Susie doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Susie's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Susie's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Susie. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Susie's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Susie comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Susie is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Susie.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Susie is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Susie seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Susie says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Susie asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Susie suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Susie is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Susie has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Susie said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Susie. Susie seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Susie is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Susie was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Susie asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Susie falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Susie up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Susie having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Susie is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Susie scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Susie.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Susie falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Susie lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Susie. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Susie is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Susie brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Swimsuit Qiyou
You find Swimsuit Qiyou depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Swimsuit Qiyou is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Swimsuit Qiyou being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Swimsuit Qiyou is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Swimsuit Qiyou is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Swimsuit Qiyou is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Swimsuit Qiyou seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Swimsuit Qiyou who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Swimsuit Qiyou and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Swimsuit Qiyou looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Swimsuit Qiyou's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Swimsuit Qiyou seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Swimsuit Qiyou.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Swimsuit Qiyou and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Swimsuit Qiyou do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Swimsuit Qiyou. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Swimsuit Qiyou.
Swimsuit Qiyou is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Swimsuit Qiyou after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

You come across Swimsuit Qiyou, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Swimsuit Qiyou is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Swimsuit Qiyou, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Swimsuit Qiyou says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Swimsuit Qiyou about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Swimsuit Qiyou is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Swimsuit Qiyou who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Swimsuit Qiyou is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Swimsuit Qiyou, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Swimsuit Qiyou wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Swimsuit Qiyou points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Swimsuit Qiyou seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Swimsuit Qiyou is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Swimsuit Qiyou's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Swimsuit Qiyou is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Swimsuit Qiyou is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Tarsilla
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Tarsilla asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Tarsilla suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Tarsilla is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Tarsilla has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Tarsilla said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Tarsilla. Tarsilla seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Tarsilla is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Tarsilla was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Tarsilla asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Tarsilla falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Tarsilla up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Tarsilla having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Tarsilla is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Tarsilla scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Tarsilla.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Tarsilla falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Tarsilla lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Tarsilla. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Tarsilla is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Tarsilla brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Tarsilla is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Tarsilla comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Tarsilla about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Tarsilla is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Tarsilla is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Tarsilla isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Tarsilla for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Tarsilla and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Tarsilla's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Tarsilla thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Tarsilla won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Tarsilla suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Tarsilla and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Tarsilla was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Tarsilla wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Tarsilla is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Teddy
Teddy is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Teddy's eyes met yours a several times and Teddy asks if he has something on his face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on his face, Teddy warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Teddy on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Teddy is worried that he has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell him?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Teddy is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to him.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Teddy is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give him an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Teddy being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Teddy is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help him out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Teddy is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Teddy doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Teddy's birthday. Let's give him a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Teddy's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Teddy. What should we do?
	He is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Teddy's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to him?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Teddy comes to you and says that he has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Teddy is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Teddy.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Teddy is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Teddy seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Teddy says he wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots he makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Teddy is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	We haven't awakened our TRUE powers! We have to go further beyond!
Teddy is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place where the chosen ones learn about their destiny.
Teddy wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	All goes as planned...Hmm? Just ignore that.
Teddy is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	And that's how we walk towards our destiny.
Teddy is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	This is your chance to buy the hottest fashion items in space!
Teddy is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My friends from previous life...They would be pleased to see me win.
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I'm going to check out the new comic issues. Wanna come along?
Teddy says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	Hmm, a revived person that forgot his purpose...Reminds me of somebody.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	What a depressing weather...
Teddy seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	That's a dangerous secret you're trying to find out about. Do you still want to know?
Ogre's pony tail slapped Teddy in the face!
	Even his hair is a weapon! Is that even allowed?
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I guess I finally get to meet my archnemesis.
Teddy is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	I knew this day would come.
Teddy says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They were sacrificed as material for a greater cause.
Teddy says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	You can only find your true potential when you don't rely on your skills!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Fontus...You sure are my archnemesis!
Teddy picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	So, this is how the revelation begins!
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Come back Huginn! Wait, is it Muninn?
Teddy is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's time, Teddy! Awaken the 6th attribute and show your true powers!
Teddy thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	That's because you haven't opened up your ''third eye''!

Tersia
Tersia is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Tersia is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Tersia seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Tersia is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Tersia is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Tersia is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Tersia is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Tersia is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Tersia is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Tersia is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Tersia and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Tersia is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Tersia is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Tersia for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Tersia is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Tersia seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Tersia is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Tersia is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Tersia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Tersia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Tersia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Tersia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Tersia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Tersia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Tersia for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Tersia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Tersia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Tersia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Tersia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Tersia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Tersia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Tersia was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Tersia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Tersia is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Tiffany
Tiffany is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Tiffany comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Tiffany about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Tiffany is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Tiffany is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Tiffany isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Tiffany for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Tiffany and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Tiffany's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Tiffany thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Tiffany won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Tiffany suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Tiffany and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Tiffany was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Tiffany wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Tiffany is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Tiffany seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Tiffany is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Tiffany came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Tiffany is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Tiffany is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Tiffany seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Tiffany seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Tiffany is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
Tiffany is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Tiffany plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Tiffany and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Tiffany seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Tiffany's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Tiffany bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
Tiffany is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Tiffany is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Tiffany is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Timmy
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Timmy asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Timmy suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Timmy is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Pat him on the head.)
Timmy has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Timmy said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Timmy. Timmy seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Timmy is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I am so thankful to them.
Timmy was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Timmy asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Timmy falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Timmy up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Timmy having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Timmy is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Timmy scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Timmy.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Timmy falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Timmy lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give him some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Timmy. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Timmy is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Timmy brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Timmy is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Timmy is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Timmy wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Timmy is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Timmy is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Timmy is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Timmy says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Timmy seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Timmy in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Timmy is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Timmy says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Timmy says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Timmy picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Timmy is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Timmy thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Tina
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Tina is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Tina looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Tina thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Tina is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Tina blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Tina is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Tina did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Tina is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Tina feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Tina about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Tina continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Tina is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Tina is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Tina to do?
	They all need scolding.
Tina says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Tina is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Tina running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Tina's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Tina hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

You find Tina depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Tina is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Tina being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Tina is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Tina is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Tina is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Tina seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Tina who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Tina and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Tina looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Tina's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Tina seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Tina.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Tina and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Tina do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Tina. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Tina.
Tina is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Tina after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Tod
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Tod asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Tod suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Tod is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Tod has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Tod said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Tod. Tod seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Tod is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Tod was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Tod asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Tod falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Tod up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Tod having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Tod is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Tod scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Tod.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Tod falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Tod lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Tod. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Tod is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Tod brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Tod seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Tod is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Tod came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Tod is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Tod is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Tod seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Tod seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Tod is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Tod is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Tod plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Tod and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Tod seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Tod's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Tod bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Tod is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Tod is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Tod is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Tria
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Tria asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Tria suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Tria is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Tria has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Tria said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Tria. Tria seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Tria is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Tria was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Tria asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Tria falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Tria up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Tria having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Tria is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Tria scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Tria.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Tria falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Tria lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Tria. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Tria is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Tria brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Tria is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Tria, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Tria announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Tria is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Tria wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Tria is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Tria? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Tria lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Tria says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Tria wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Tria caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Tria some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Tria seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Tria came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Tria is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Tria seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Tria looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Tria to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Trones
Trones is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Trones is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Trones wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Trones is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Trones is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Trones is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Trones says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Trones seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Trones in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Trones is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Trones says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Trones says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Trones picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Trones is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Trones thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Trones says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Trones asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Trones is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Trones looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Trones says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Trones wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Trones is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Trones says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Trones says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Trones seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Trones is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Trones says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Trones seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Trones is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Trones went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Trones claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Trones seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Trones says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Trones hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Trones says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Tyler
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Tyler asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Tyler suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Tyler is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Tyler has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Tyler said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Tyler. Tyler seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Tyler is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Tyler was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Tyler asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Tyler falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Tyler up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Tyler having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Tyler is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Tyler scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Tyler.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Tyler falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Tyler lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Tyler. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Tyler is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Tyler brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Tyler is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Tyler is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Tyler wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Tyler is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Tyler is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Tyler is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Tyler says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Tyler seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Tyler in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Tyler is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Tyler says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Tyler says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Tyler picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Tyler is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Tyler thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Upiel
Upiel is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's a result of team effort.
After a meeting, Upiel's eyes met yours a several times and Upiel asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking about how much you do for the team.
With a serious look on her face, Upiel warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	Bathroom...It is indeed a very important matter...
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Upiel on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	I can't pick just one...
Upiel is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	Makes it worth the challenge, don't you think so?
Upiel is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	I want you to form a team and catch every single bear near this locker room.
Upiel is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	Every teammate there by my side on the field is special.
You find Upiel being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Now we're starting to look like a team!
Upiel is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	I'll teach you how to meditate to synchronize the breathing with other teammates.
Upiel is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	I like how all of the Gate Keepers have different characteristics.
Upiel doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't have to have the bench warmers in the video.
It's Upiel's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	Here! I made some cookies with the team.
You see Upiel's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Upiel. What should we do?
	Let's see how long they last. Come on guys!
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	I guess I can go to the soccer gear shop.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Upiel's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	Sorry for the bad news. Do you want to pay a visit?
Upiel comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	There will always be a place for you to return.
Upiel is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Upiel.
	We can overcome this with team effort.
Upiel is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	I'm sure there were multiple reasons on why the kingdom fell. It's sad to hear such stories.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Upiel seems to be interested.
	We're going to make it fair and gather everybody around so we can draw for the ticket.
Upiel says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	I'll come up with a formation that can bring the best out of everybody.

Upiel is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Upiel comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Upiel about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Upiel is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Upiel is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Upiel isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Upiel for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Upiel and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Upiel's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Upiel thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Upiel won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Upiel suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Upiel and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Upiel was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Upiel wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Upiel is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

Uria
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Uria asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Uria suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Uria is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Uria has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Uria said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Uria. Uria seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Uria is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Uria was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Uria asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Uria falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Uria up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Uria having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Uria is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Uria scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Uria.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Uria falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Uria lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Uria. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Uria is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Uria brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Uria is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	Wreck the other team.
Uria, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	It was an intense feeling as if I was going against the strongest team in the universe.
Uria announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I feel bad for the players that have to face you.
Uria is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Stop whining. I like it better when you're arrogant and sarcastic.
Uria wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	I'm surprised you care so much for your friends.
It seems that Uria is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Let's ask Khirel to find her...
You find Uria lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hmm, I guess you're more domestic than I thought.
Uria says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	I think you two have something in common...
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	Don't kill him, okay?
Uria wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	Sure. Let's beat them all and take the prize money!
Uria caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	I think we should hang him.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Uria some orders.
	Make him know who he's up against.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Team! We're having sauteed shredded pork for tonight!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Uria seems to be worried.
	Weakling. Should've been rougher on that player.
Uria came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I'm sure you got scammed.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	James and Bora...Who's the villain? 
Uria is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	We'll find the ones that did this and use them as fertilizers.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Uria seems to be sick of this.
	Iron Claw!
Uria looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	Sounds like a more boring place than Cruzentes.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Uria to set some simple rules.
	This team is a mess. Gather everybody on the field. I'll knock that spirit back into you guys if I have to.

Uriel
Uriel is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Uriel, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Uriel announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Uriel is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Uriel wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Uriel is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Uriel? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Uriel lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Uriel says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Uriel wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Uriel caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Uriel some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Uriel seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Uriel came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Uriel is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Uriel seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Uriel looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Uriel to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Uriel seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Uriel is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Uriel came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Uriel is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Uriel is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Uriel seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Uriel seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Uriel is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Uriel is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Uriel plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Uriel and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Uriel seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Uriel's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Uriel bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Uriel is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Uriel is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Uriel is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Ustiel
Ustiel is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Ustiel's eyes met yours a several times and Ustiel asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on her face, Ustiel warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Ustiel on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Ustiel is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Ustiel is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Ustiel is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Ustiel being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Ustiel is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Ustiel is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Ustiel doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Ustiel's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Ustiel's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Ustiel. What should we do?
	She is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Ustiel's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Ustiel comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Ustiel is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Ustiel.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Ustiel is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Ustiel seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Ustiel says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Ustiel says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	I'm sure that you're being a good influence to the team.
Ustiel asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I guess I'll be chasing you on the road of glory.
Ustiel is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I think they're cute and elegant if you leave out the pig and bear. 
Ustiel looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	The space has prepared this beautiful stage for you.
Ustiel says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	They're young but they have passion.
Ustiel wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	Thankful beings that will be our +160.
Ustiel is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	How about we make it to the top of the Galaxy League and shine the universe with the light within us?
Ustiel says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Tell them they should remember that they play for you.
Ustiel says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	Did she think that you'll take over the throne?
Ustiel seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Good for you! I know it's hard for you to find someone at your level!
Ustiel is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	I don't think you need to worry about a diet.
Ustiel says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Ask her if she likes you and if she wants to join our team.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Ustiel seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	You both need to be disciplined by Ustiel.
Ustiel is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	You seem like the princess...Scratch that, the queen.
Ustiel went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	I feel sorry for the other team.
Ustiel claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	I don't care what the case is.
Ustiel seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Be careful not to be stomped on...
Ustiel says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	That's strange. I thought he was more of an authoritative character.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Ustiel hands you a present.
	(A chocker with a pretty radical design.)
Ustiel says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	That's a mixture of mockery, sympathy, and love.

Valentine
Valentine is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Valentine is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Valentine seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Valentine is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Valentine is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Valentine is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Valentine is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Valentine is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Valentine is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Valentine is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Valentine and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Valentine is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Valentine is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Valentine for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that he would skip practice?
Valentine is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Valentine seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	Let's go look for him.
On a day off, Valentine is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Valentine is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Valentine is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Valentine, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Valentine announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Valentine is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Valentine wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Valentine is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Valentine? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Valentine lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Valentine says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Valentine wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Valentine caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Valentine some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Valentine seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Valentine came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Valentine is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Valentine seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Valentine looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Valentine to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Valkia
Valkia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Valkia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Valkia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Valkia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Valkia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Valkia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Valkia for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Valkia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Valkia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Valkia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Valkia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Valkia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Valkia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Valkia was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Valkia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Valkia is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You find Valkia depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Valkia is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Valkia being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Valkia is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Valkia is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Valkia is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Valkia seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Valkia who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Valkia and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Valkia looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Valkia's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Valkia seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Valkia.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Valkia and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Valkia do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Valkia. What should you say?
	Well, Valkia does have that kind of charm.
Valkia is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Valkia after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Valkyrja Beth
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Valkyrja Beth is asking how she did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Valkyrja Beth looks excited as she's talking with the team about pets. She turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Valkyrja Beth thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell her?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Valkyrja Beth is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion she feels. She says she must leave now to propose to her lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Valkyrja Beth blushes up and tells you that she's happy she can play soccer with you. What should we tell her?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Valkyrja Beth is asking for special training sessions because she's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell her?
	If that's your wish.
Valkyrja Beth did her best, but she failed to achieve the results she wanted and looks sad. We should say something to her.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Valkyrja Beth is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Valkyrja Beth feels her heart races when she sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Valkyrja Beth about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Valkyrja Beth continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Valkyrja Beth is being annoying with her offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick her out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Valkyrja Beth is staring at her carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell her that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Valkyrja Beth to do?
	They all need scolding.
Valkyrja Beth says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Valkyrja Beth is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop her?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Valkyrja Beth running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Valkyrja Beth's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Valkyrja Beth hurt her leg during the 1st half of the match, but she insists on playing. What should we tell her?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

You come across Valkyrja Beth, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Valkyrja Beth is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Valkyrja Beth, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Valkyrja Beth says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Valkyrja Beth about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Valkyrja Beth is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Valkyrja Beth who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Valkyrja Beth is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Valkyrja Beth, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She's truly a role model to us all with her skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Valkyrja Beth wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Valkyrja Beth points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Valkyrja Beth seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Valkyrja Beth is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Valkyrja Beth's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Valkyrja Beth is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Valkyrja Beth is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Vann
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Vann is asking how he did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Vann looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Vann thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Vann is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Vann blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Vann is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	If that's your wish.
Vann did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Vann is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Vann feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Vann about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Vann continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Vann is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick him out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Vann is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell him that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Vann to do?
	They all need scolding.
Vann says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Vann is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Vann running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Vann's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Vann hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

You come across Vann, who was overwhelmed by his opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer him up.
	Those scumbags played dirty. Ugh, I'm angry!
Vann is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
Vann, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal what your agenda really is. What should we say?
	To bring justice with soccer. That's all.
Vann says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give him an answer.
	Let's do our best until the very end!
You're having a conversation with Vann about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell him what you think.
	I won't rely on Spirit Stones.
Vann is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	I like what you just said.
Let's talk to Vann who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	It's a place to rest for the good.
Vann is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell him your thoughts.
	It's something I'd want to see again with a person I care.
The teammates are speaking highly of Vann, saying he's a good role model. Let's add in.
	He's truly a role model to us all with his skills and attitude.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I feel sorry, but that's irrelevant to the match.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Vann wants to say a word.
	Come on guys, you know it's an exciting thing to be playing against a strong team! Keep your heads up high!
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	So, there are no real illegal matches. I guess I'm relieved.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	We will confront them fair and square, and win.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	Would she be happy if she finds out you're doing this?
Vann points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	That's too convenient to be a coincidence.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Vann seems to be surprised.
	Well, what do you know! They have some decency in them after all.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Vann is asking for help.
	I hope the demon didn't say anything stupid.
Cracsus threatens to hack Vann's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	Don't fall for this cheap shot.
Vann is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	Then we should do our very best to win.
Vann is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	I don't like the word oblivion.

Vayne
Vayne is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Best of 4 should be our goal.
Vayne is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I think that being able to understand each other is the most important.
Vayne seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	It's within our grasp.
Vayne is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	The honor of our opponent is also important.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Be true to yourself.
Vayne is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I'm sure you're going to become an intergalactic fool.
Vayne is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	We must have faith in the Gate Keepers and win the Galaxy League.
Vayne is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Are you giving up before putting up a fight?
Vayne is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	This needs to be analyzed and fixed. Can you help me?
Vayne is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	No, it's not boring.
It's before the 2nd half, and Vayne is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	Don't give up until the end.
You forgot to lock Vayne and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's my fault.
Vayne is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	You deserve it. Well done!
Vayne is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've been doing something to save the universe.
The team is saying bad things about Vayne for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Do you really think that she would skip practice?
Vayne is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I can feel the strength of that majestic creature.
Vayne seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Let's go look for her.
On a day off, Vayne is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	I'd love to have a stable job first.
Vayne is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I just don't want to waste a single day in my life.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	Let's split up and find the uniforms.

Vayne is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Vayne, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Vayne announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Vayne is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Vayne wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Vayne is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Vayne? Nah, she never gets lost.
You find Vayne lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Vayne says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Vayne wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Vayne caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Vayne some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Vayne seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Vayne came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Vayne is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Vayne seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Vayne looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Vayne to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Verister
Verister is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	To win all the way, of course.
Verister is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Verister seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Verister is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Verister is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Verister is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Verister is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Verister is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Verister is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Verister is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Verister and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Verister is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Verister is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Verister for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Her love towards soccer is real.
Verister is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Verister seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Verister is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a handsome man, try talking to him!
Verister is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Verister asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Excitement and elegance. The fans love it.
Verister is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	I think they're also mesmerized by you. You have a charm that matches a demon...
Being too excited, Verister is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	Yeah. The sight of you running on the field was marvelous.
Verister is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe it'll be romantic.
Verister seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	Mascot? More like a super model. You're too good looking to be a mere mascot.
Verister asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Meet up with my lover.)
Verister heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	It'll sure be dangerous, but I think it'll be a place full of thrills and wonders.
Verister, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	Maybe she would be too much for you.
Recently, Verister seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	I didn't know you were into old men.
Verister is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	How about you just go with the flow?
Verister is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Didn't she grow up being friends with the princess? I think I know what's going on...
Verister's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(It won't be long until the opponent becomes mesmerized by Verister's charms.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Verister and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	Nobody can resist that charm of yours.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Verister's plays. Let's add in.
	Yeah, she's as charming as you!
The team became furious after seeing Verister fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	Your beauty is a curse...
Verister is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	How about Metatron's Will? It's cute with the butterfly decorations.
Verister is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	I used him as training material so that he could be useful to you.
Verister is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Don't get greedy and go for all of the men.
It seems that Verister is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	Just make sure that it doesn't affect him on the field.
Verister is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	Well, that player is kind of cute...

Vermilion Bird
You find Vermilion Bird depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Vermilion Bird is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Vermilion Bird being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Vermilion Bird is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Vermilion Bird is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Vermilion Bird is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Vermilion Bird seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Vermilion Bird who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Vermilion Bird and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Vermilion Bird looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Vermilion Bird's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Vermilion Bird seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Vermilion Bird.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Vermilion Bird and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Vermilion Bird do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Vermilion Bird. What should you say?
	Well, Vermilion Bird does have that kind of charm.
Vermilion Bird is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Vermilion Bird after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Vermilion Bird seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Vermilion Bird is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Vermilion Bird came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Vermilion Bird is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Vermilion Bird is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Vermilion Bird seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Vermilion Bird seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Vermilion Bird is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Vermilion Bird is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Vermilion Bird plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Vermilion Bird and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Vermilion Bird seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Vermilion Bird's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Vermilion Bird bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Vermilion Bird is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Vermilion Bird is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Vermilion Bird is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Veronica
Veronica is wondering why the team is doing so well recently. Pick an answer.
	It's all thanks to you.
After a meeting, Veronica's eyes met yours a several times and Veronica asks if she has something on her face.
	I was just thinking the team became stronger, thanks to you.
With a serious look on her face, Veronica warns you to go to the bathroom before the match.
	I'm surprised you said that. I won't ask what happened to you.
Preparing for the press conference, you're talking with Veronica on which player you think has the brightest future. What will you say?
	You and I are already perfect. So I guess that means we shouldn't be saying our names.
Veronica is worried that she has to face demons, black holes and other dangerous things. What should we tell her?
	You're the most dangerous of them all.
Veronica is making a scene about the women's uniform and underwear disappearing. Let's talk to her.
	Let's go tell the manager.
Veronica is asking if you have a special person who you would like to share happy moments with. Let's give her an answer.
	I think that may be you.
You find Veronica being very excited after performing an awesome play. How will you react?
	Nice play! Fantastic!
Veronica is having trouble focusing on the match. Let's help her out.
	Just calm down a bit. You got this.
Veronica is questioning Kuma's status as a Gate Keeper.
	He's just material for leveling up.
Veronica doesn't like the new team advertisement video.
	It didn't portray your awesome performance.
It's Veronica's birthday. Let's give her a present.
	This is a championship trophy replica for you. The designs are inspired by you.
You see Veronica's opponent trash talking and smirking towards Veronica. What should we do?
	She is probably not even listening...
The team is going to go shop. Which group will you join?
	It's time for some good food.
You hear that the opponent team's ace, who is also Veronica's rival, has been severely injured and is in the hospital. What should you say to her?
	This won't be the end of your rival. 
Veronica comes to you and says that she has to leave the team because of personal reasons. What should we say?
	Well, I don't want to be the one holding you back. Good luck!
Veronica is getting slow on the field and this is causing trouble. Let's talk with Veronica.
	I'll try to have the ball come your way.
Veronica is telling a story about how an old kingdom in Valhalla was doomed because of the king.
	Pathetic...That is no king.
You got a couple of tickets to Veronica's live concert. Veronica seems to be interested.
	These are for you, of course. Here.
Veronica says she wants to cry because the goal keeper on the other team just won't go down no matter how many shots she makes.
	Let's come up with a new strategy to give you more synergy.

Veronica is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Veronica is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Veronica wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Veronica is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Veronica is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Veronica is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Veronica says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Veronica seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Veronica in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Veronica is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Veronica says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Veronica says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Veronica picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Veronica is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Veronica thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Victoria
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Victoria asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Victoria suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Victoria is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Victoria has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Victoria said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Victoria. Victoria seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Victoria is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Victoria was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Victoria asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Victoria falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Victoria up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Victoria having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Victoria is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Victoria scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Victoria.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Victoria falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Victoria lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Victoria. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Victoria is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Victoria brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Victoria is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give her an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Victoria, who is determined to make everything in her life, even her dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Victoria announces that she will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give her an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Victoria is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to her?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Victoria wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. She wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to her.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Victoria is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find her.
You find Victoria lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Victoria says she doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. She thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Victoria wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Victoria caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Victoria some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Victoria seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Victoria came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Victoria is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer her up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Victoria seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Victoria!
Victoria looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Victoria to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

Virgil
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Virgil asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
Virgil suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Virgil is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Virgil has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Virgil said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Virgil. Virgil seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Virgil is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Virgil was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Virgil asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Virgil falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Virgil up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Virgil having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Virgil is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Virgil scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Virgil.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Virgil falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Virgil lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Virgil. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Virgil is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Virgil brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

Virgil is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	It's all because nobody on this team cares about strategy! This is nonsense!
Virgil is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's stressful because we can't prepare for extraterrestrial sanitation. We're completely exposed to all those unknown...things.
Virgil wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Perfect planning and perfect execution.
Virgil is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Life, eh? I guess that's a bit too serious for me, but I think I understand how you feel.
Virgil is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	How about some presents for your parents?
Virgil is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My teammates and their flawless play!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	I heard that the bath products on Earth are the best in the universe.
Virgil says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	That's bad. I'm sure it's something important!
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	I can't stand this...I need to end this quickly and go take a shower.
Virgil seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	The eyepatch...I wonder if she washes it. She seems to have it on at all times.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Virgil in the face!
	Ugh...Gross...
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	I could throw the ball and continue the match, but my honor wouldn't allow that.
Virgil is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	You've become better. Now you need to focus on staying that way.
Virgil says that the Swirlies are missing.
	I evolved them.
Virgil says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	That's unacceptable!
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	Ugh...I want to dig my eyes out.
Virgil picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Let's contact her and return this.
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	Well, now what?
Virgil is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	Do I have to stop the match?
Virgil thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Hmm, her tail is a bit weird and her ears are definitely human...

Vitos
Vitos is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Vitos, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Vitos announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Vitos is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Vitos wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Vitos is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Vitos? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Vitos lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Vitos says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Vitos wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Vitos caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Vitos some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Vitos seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Vitos came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Vitos is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Vitos seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Vitos looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Vitos to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

Vitos seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, Vitos is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
Vitos came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
Vitos is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and Vitos is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
Vitos seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
Vitos seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
Vitos is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
Vitos is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
Vitos plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Vitos and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
Vitos seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
Vitos's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, Vitos bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Vitos is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
Vitos is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Vitos is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Vivid Fear
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Vivid Fear asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I can fly'' or something?
Vivid Fear suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
Vivid Fear is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Just nod your head.)
Vivid Fear has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As Vivid Fear said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for Vivid Fear. Vivid Fear seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
Vivid Fear is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
Vivid Fear was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. Vivid Fear asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and Vivid Fear falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Vivid Fear up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Vivid Fear having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
Vivid Fear is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
Vivid Fear scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Vivid Fear.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
Vivid Fear falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
Vivid Fear lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Vivid Fear. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Vivid Fear is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
Vivid Fear brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

You come across Vivid Fear, who was overwhelmed by her opponent throughout the game. Let's cheer her up.
	I'm proud that you played your game and didn't descend to the opponent's level.
Vivid Fear is complaining about a teammate and is asking for your opinion.
	If you're better than your teammates, you should be the one to be considerate.
Vivid Fear, who is always suspicious of you, has you in the corner and is demanding that you reveal who you really are. What should we answer?
	Just playing soccer, that's all.
Vivid Fear says to you that it was an honor to be able to play with you. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm starting to enjoy playing with you.
You're having a conversation with Vivid Fear about the power of Spirit Stones which is covered in secrets. Let's tell her what you think.
	I need a Spirit Stone that's as fancy as I am.
Vivid Fear is yelling, ''Our will for soccer is guiding us to victory!''
	Let's do this! I'm at your disposal!
Let's talk to Vivid Fear who recently started to take interest in the world of angels.
	I hope it's not a boring place.
Vivid Fear is asking you if you ever saw the World Tree. Let's tell her your thoughts.
	Let's not talk about anything irrelevant to the match.
The teammates are speaking highly of Vivid Fear, saying she's a good role model. Let's add in.
	She shows dominance with elegance.
You visit the practice field of your next opponent and feel very sorry about their not-so-good financial situation. What should we do?
	I'm considering making an anonymous donation.
Your team seems to be too worried about the next match against the all stars of Minerva. Vivid Fear wants to say a word.
	Get yourselves together, guys. Are you going to give up already?
You're at the Underground to enter a wager match, but you find people who are playing a friendly match.
	It's sort of an obligation for first class athletes like me to mingle with the community.
Half of your team is injured because of an evil plot of your next opponent. What should we do?
	Pathetic. We'll show them that we're better in many ways.
The representative of the refugees of Karladure is pleading you to throw the next match because Guinevere, who is providing them economic support, is playing for your next opponent. What should we say?
	A square match is what suites a proud royalty.
Vivid Fear points out that the time the men of Minerva died and the time the epidemic broke out in Metro City matches.
	It would disgust me if that was the result of an evil plot.
Mortor and Wizol of the Peacemakers are helping an old man. Vivid Fear seems to be surprised.
	It's good to know that they're not shallow people.
A big fight broke out between an angel and a demon within the team. Vivid Fear is asking for help.
	I'm going to pick sides of the one I like.
Cracsus threatens to hack Vivid Fear's personal information and reveal it to the world. What should we do?
	I contacted Hildegard.
Vivid Fear is thinking about what Selena said about saving the galaxy if we win the Galaxy League.
	It's not good to just believe what others say.
Vivid Fear is thinking about what the Universe of Oblivion is.
	Don't be scared about such petty things.

Vonchi
Vonchi is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to him.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Vonchi is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help him?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Vonchi wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Vonchi is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became his life. Let's talk with him.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Vonchi is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give him an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Vonchi is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Vonchi says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Vonchi seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Vonchi in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Vonchi is suddenly showing massive improvement in his performance. He must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Vonchi says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Vonchi says he forgot to use his skill points before entering the match. What should we say to him?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Vonchi picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Vonchi is irritated because his opponent has the attribute advantage over him.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Vonchi thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

You find Vonchi depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Vonchi is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Vonchi being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Vonchi is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Vonchi is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Vonchi is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Vonchi seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Vonchi who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Vonchi and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Vonchi looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Vonchi's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Vonchi seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Vonchi.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Vonchi and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Vonchi do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Vonchi. What should you say?
	Well, Vonchi does have that kind of charm.
Vonchi is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Vonchi after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Vonchi asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Vonchi suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Vonchi is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Vonchi has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Vonchi said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Vonchi. Vonchi seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Vonchi is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Vonchi was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Vonchi asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Vonchi falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Vonchi up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Vonchi having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Vonchi is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Vonchi scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Vonchi.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Vonchi falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Vonchi lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Vonchi. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Vonchi is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Vonchi brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Wayne
You find Wayne depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Wayne is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Wayne being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Wayne is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Wayne is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Wayne is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Wayne seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Wayne who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Wayne and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Wayne looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Wayne's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Wayne seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Wayne.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Wayne and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Wayne do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Wayne. What should you say?
	Well, Wayne does have that kind of charm.
Wayne is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Wayne after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Wayne is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	We need a decent level of personal performance.
Wayne, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've never dreamt about soccer.
Wayne announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	I have faith in you.
Wayne is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	That doesn't change what we must do.
Wayne wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	Nothing is eternal, but that doesn't make it insignificant.
It seems that Wayne is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Wayne? Nah, he never gets lost.
You find Wayne lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Hello! Have you come here to buy food for dinner?
Wayne says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Maybe that's just because she's the leader of that group.
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	We're taking him to the doctor even if that means by force. Help me.
Wayne wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	That seems like a dangerous idea...Let's not make any quick decisions.
Wayne caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	Why don't we take this opportunity to see how our opponents are practicing.
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Wayne some orders.
	Let's try out some forward passes.
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	It's time we use him as training material.
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Wayne seems to be worried.
	It's unfortunate, but that's something that happened during a match and it's not our fault.
Wayne came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	I hope that wasn't all you got.
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...We should get out of here.
Wayne is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	It's a big tree. It'll stand strong.
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Wayne seems to be sick of this.
	Oh, there's Princess Meiran! (Runs away)
Wayne looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	It's space. Anything can exist here.
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Wayne to set some simple rules.
	Let's split up and meet back here for dinner. Tell everybody to enjoy their free time.

White Guardenia
White Guardenia is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...White Guardenia comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to White Guardenia about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
White Guardenia is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
White Guardenia is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
White Guardenia isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to White Guardenia for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with White Guardenia and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to White Guardenia's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
White Guardenia thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
White Guardenia won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
White Guardenia suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when White Guardenia and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that White Guardenia was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
White Guardenia wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and White Guardenia is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

White Guardenia seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, White Guardenia is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
White Guardenia came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
White Guardenia is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and White Guardenia is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
White Guardenia seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
White Guardenia seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
White Guardenia is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Flawless skills.
White Guardenia is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
White Guardenia plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with White Guardenia and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
White Guardenia seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
White Guardenia's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, White Guardenia bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	We have to keep on going.
White Guardenia is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
White Guardenia is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. White Guardenia is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

White Snow
White Snow is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...White Snow comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to White Snow about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
White Snow is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
White Snow is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
White Snow isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to White Snow for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with White Snow and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to White Snow's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
White Snow thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
White Snow won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
White Snow suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when White Snow and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that White Snow was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
White Snow wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and White Snow is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without her.

You find White Snow depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
White Snow is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across White Snow being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
White Snow is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
White Snow is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
White Snow is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
White Snow seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across White Snow who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with White Snow and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
White Snow looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
White Snow's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. White Snow seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw White Snow.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between White Snow and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have White Snow do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting White Snow. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
White Snow is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with White Snow after the match. Let's barge in.
	White Snow was fantastic on the field, right?

White Tiger
White Tiger is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell her?
	Teamwork is what matters the most.
White Tiger is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I have very specific standards for personality, looks, values, and background. Are you interested in hearing about it?
White Tiger seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. She seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	I would like to hear what you think is the best team in the universe.
White Tiger is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop her from causing any problems.
	That team is far from your style.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give her some advice.
	Is winning really worth going that far?
White Tiger is having trouble deciding a name for her special move. Her options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	I..Respect your naming taste...
White Tiger is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to her.
	A mysterious villain...Bad taste, if you ask me.
White Tiger is making a scene. She'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	Vicious? More like ugly.
White Tiger is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	Passes that you prefer aren't always the right answer.
White Tiger is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to her?
	If you're up for suggestions, I'm all ears.
It's before the 2nd half, and White Tiger is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	We should at least put up a fight so they remember us.
You forgot to lock White Tiger and almost used her as training material! She looks very upset!
	It was all just to motivate you to become a better player!
White Tiger is confused that she won the MVP. What should you tell her?
	Aren't you satisfied with your performance?
White Tiger is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	I would've tried to find something that fits me.
The team is saying bad things about White Tiger for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	Skipping practice isn't something that's in her dictionary.
White Tiger is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	Hmm...If only I could change the shape of the horns and the color of the scales. That'd be perfect.
White Tiger seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to her. 
	Everybody should grow up.
On a day off, White Tiger is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	It's really hard to find the right person.
White Tiger is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want my dreams to come true.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	What's done is done. Let's come up with a new design.

The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. White Tiger asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
White Tiger suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
White Tiger is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
White Tiger has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As White Tiger said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for White Tiger. White Tiger seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
White Tiger is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
White Tiger was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. White Tiger asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and White Tiger falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps White Tiger up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across White Tiger having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
White Tiger is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
White Tiger scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with White Tiger.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
White Tiger falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
White Tiger lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with White Tiger. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. White Tiger is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
White Tiger brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

William
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. William asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	What, are you expecting something like ''I feel like I'm in heaven'' or something?
William suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How could you think about eating at a time like this? I'm disappointed in you.
William is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Just nod your head.)
William has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	You always seem to find the weak point of the opponent's defense and I love that.
As William said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the universe is heading towards chaos.
The crowd is cheering for William. William seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	How about just accepting the compliments for today?
William is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	The only problem is that they take up a lot of space in the inventory.
William was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	It would be good to have one of each color, and when they're all grown up...Make 'em into a good meal!
The team will not have a match for some time. William asks you about your plan.
	I have a very hard training session all planned up for everybody.
It's a very intense match and William falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps William up and the two exchange smiles.
	Guess the match isn't that tough for you, huh?
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	I feel bad for them, but that's no excuse for throwing the game.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across William having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	...I see two idiots standing in front of me...
William is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	I hope this won't affect your performance on the field.
William scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	That was awesome! I'm looking forward to seeing more of that!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with William.
	He still has his two legs functioning. I see no problem with that.
William falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	If that's all you've got, just stay down. It's okay.
William lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	Well, this could all have been prevented if you just consumed those Swirlies like I told you...
You come across Sammy while walking the street with William. Let's talk to her.
	(Ignore.)
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. William is curious and wants to take a look.
	We should probably ignore them and just walk by.
William brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Throw it away. NOW.

William seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	Game results aren't that simple to be predicted by fortune-telling.
With a serious face, William is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Being together is enough for me.
William came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	I'm disappointed, too. Let's start over.
William is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	Even if they're not on the field with us, we're fighting as one. Right?
The team is having a good run and William is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	Let's keep this momentum going!
William seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Let's open up a bright future with this ball.
William seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Don't be weak.
William is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Just act like yourself. You're already the ace.
William is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Well, I have no problem with it as long as it functions as a soccer ball.
William plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	I don't care what I do after the League as long as I get to continue playing soccer.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with William and talk about what to do.
	We can't give up here. There's still a chance to win this.
William seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I guess that's natural. The matches against them were great. 
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	...Uh...So no soccer?
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	The emperor of demons is also enjoying this match!
William's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	Remember that feeling and use it when things get tough.
During a match, William bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	It's something that happened during the match. Don't be so hard on yourself.
William is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	It's the consequences of your actions. Accept it.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	I think it's a nice way to cherish the memories of the lost.
William is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I can tell that he's a very diligent person that always tries his best.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. William is starting to get intimidated.
	Okay, it's time we take this match seriously.

Wizol
Wizol is asking about the team's goal of this season. What should you tell him?
	To win all the way, of course.
Wizol is asking about my ideal type of person. Should be careful about answering this...
	I'm all about the feeling. A spark is all it takes.
Wizol seems to be thinking that the team has already become the best in the universe. He seems a bit too carried away. What should you do?
	(Stick a thumb up and do a comedic dance just for the sake of laughter.)
Wizol is arrogantly looking down at the other team. Let's stop him from causing any problems.
	You're right. This is a waste of time.
Does one have to make intentional fouls in order to win? Let's give him some advice.
	I don't see anything wrong as long as you can get away with it.
Wizol is having trouble deciding a name for his special move. His options are ''Infinity Illusion Shot'', ''11th Dimension Ultra Gravity Shot'', ''Astral Space Shot'', and a few more.
	Cool! Keep it up!
Wizol is all alone in the locker room worrying about the fate of the universe. Let's go talk to him.
	It's silly of you to worry about such things. Are you feeling okay?
Wizol is making a scene. He'd rather jump into space than to be eaten alive by vicious aliens.
	The door's over there.
Wizol is blaming the team for their pass mistakes and is questioning their soccer skills.
	It can't be perfect every time.
Wizol is complaining that it's boring to play only soccer every day. What should we say to him?
	How about we play baseball today?
It's before the 2nd half, and Wizol is complaining that we're up against an opponent that's too strong.
	There's nothing we can really do. Let's just get this over with.
You forgot to lock Wizol and almost used him as training material! He looks very upset!
	It's your fault.
Wizol is confused that he won the MVP. What should you tell him?
	Nicely done! We're throwing a party today!
Wizol is talking with the team about what they would be doing if they didn't start soccer. Let's join them.
	Something full of excitement!
The team is saying bad things about Wizol for skipping practice. Time to intervene.
	His love towards soccer is real.
Wizol is mesmerized by the majestic scenery of a dragon flying in the skies of the Iron Canyon.
	I want one of those. It'll be fun to have a pet dragon.
Wizol seems to be worried about one of the team members that left after a quarrel. Let's talk to him. 
	It'll be alright. Don't worry.
On a day off, Wizol is looking at a passing couple with jealous eyes.
	If you find a beautiful woman, try talking to her!
Wizol is asking you about the one thing you want the most in the universe. What do you tell him?
	(I want every day to be exciting and fun.)
There's been a mistake. The team's uniform is mixed up with the festival costumes. What should you tell the team?
	It's finally time for some festival-soccer!

Wizol is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	I led our team to victory with wedgies!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Wizol comes to you to cheer you up.
	Please explain why you kicked the ball into our goal post, will you?
You're talking to Wizol about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	If it's the end of the world, I'd pull of a crazy performance in a densely populated area before I go!
Wizol is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	Aren't you the one everybody should be afraid of?
Wizol is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	I hope you get scouted by an interesting team.
Wizol isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's invest some Crystals and get new players!
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Wizol for solutions.
	How about we put that advanced technology of Metro City to use?
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We could start a reset marathon.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Wizol and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	I could really use some grilled sweet potatoes and chestnuts.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	I think she's something more than just an idol.
According to Wizol's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I want to see Tyler's true characteristics.
Wizol thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	Of course we should tell Lynbell! What are you waiting for?
Wizol won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	...World? What about space? Isn't that more interesting?
Wizol suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	What's the agenda here? Are you trying to taint the pure angels?
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	I didn't know I was a talented foot volleyball player!
You're sick and in bed when Wizol and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	Get closer so I can spread my germs!
The match and the concert that Wizol was looking for start at the same time...
	Let's hack the big screen so we can see the concert!
Wizol wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	The character story left him a trauma.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	...Maybe he just likes cats!
The match started and Wizol is standing still doing nothing.
	What is he doing? Is he a totem?

Wukong
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Wukong asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Wukong suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Wukong is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Wukong has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Wukong said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Wukong. Wukong seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Wukong is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Wukong was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Wukong asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Wukong falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Wukong up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Wukong having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Wukong is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Wukong scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Wukong.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Wukong falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Wukong lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Wukong. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Wukong is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Wukong brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Wukong is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give him an answer.
	You. I know you're doing much for the team without taking any credit.
Wukong is angry because he was criticized by his performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give him an answer.
	I want to practice with you, if that's okay with you. No?
Wukong, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says he didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Yeah? Well, I did what I did for you.
Wukong wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(Maybe he brought snacks but is too shy to share it with me.)
Wukong looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Nervous? Trust me. I got you.
Wukong seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to him.
	Should we join the club?
Wukong is talking about how famous his rivals are in the Galaxy League. He seems jealous. Let's talk to him.
	I'll be your rival from now.
Wukong is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	Are you jealous?
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Wukong on the head while teasing him, and then goes away. Wukong seems angry...
	...I think you liked it more than you thought...
The team is at Metro City. Wukong seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	You have a heart of gold.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Wukong seems confused.
	Two bears...Which one is Kuma?
Wukong is spreading the happy news about his cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate him.
	So, the numerous baby clothes you've been making were all for this day?
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Huh? I think Wukong is prettier.
Wukong refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to him.
	Are you angry because I wasn't there to oversee your training? I said I'm sorry!
Wukong is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	Be honest and show a sincere attitude.
Wukong seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to him.
	You're young and good looking even without that.
Wukong seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give him some advice.
	That's the spirit! Let's teach them a lesson!
Wukong looks sad because he feels his friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to him?
	Try starting off with some small talk.
It's a tough match, but Wukong is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to him?
	Your spirit is an inspiration to us all.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Wukong about what to do.
	Let's go visit her. Some fun won't do any harm. It might even cheer her up!

Xiao Lang
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Xiao Lang asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Xiao Lang suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Xiao Lang is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Xiao Lang has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Xiao Lang said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Xiao Lang. Xiao Lang seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Xiao Lang is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Xiao Lang was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Xiao Lang asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Xiao Lang falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Xiao Lang up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Xiao Lang having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Xiao Lang is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Xiao Lang scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Xiao Lang.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Xiao Lang falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Xiao Lang lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Xiao Lang. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Xiao Lang is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Xiao Lang brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

Xiao Lang seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Xiao Lang is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Xiao Lang came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Xiao Lang is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Xiao Lang is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Xiao Lang seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Xiao Lang seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Xiao Lang is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Xiao Lang is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Xiao Lang plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Xiao Lang and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Xiao Lang seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Xiao Lang's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Xiao Lang bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Xiao Lang is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Xiao Lang is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Xiao Lang is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Xiao Long
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Xiao Long asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Xiao Long suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Xiao Long is saying that his teammates are what keeps him going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Xiao Long has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. He is asking for your evaluation on his plays. Let's give him an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Xiao Long said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to him.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Xiao Long. Xiao Long seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help him out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Xiao Long is impressed by the help he received from the elementals. Let's talk to him.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Xiao Long was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin himself. Let's talk to him.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Xiao Long asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Xiao Long falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Xiao Long up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Xiao Long having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Xiao Long is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to him.
	The fans love your performance!
Xiao Long scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate him!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Xiao Long.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Xiao Long falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to him?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Xiao Long lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Xiao Long. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Xiao Long is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Xiao Long brought a drink that he says he received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Xiao Long is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Xiao Long comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Xiao Long about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Xiao Long is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Xiao Long is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Xiao Long isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Xiao Long for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Xiao Long and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Xiao Long's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Xiao Long thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Xiao Long won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Xiao Long suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Xiao Long and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Xiao Long was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Xiao Long wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Xiao Long is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Xing
You find Xing depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Xing is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Xing being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Xing is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Xing is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Xing is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Xing seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Xing who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Xing and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Xing looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Xing's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Xing seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Xing.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Xing and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Xing do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Xing. What should you say?
	Well, Xing does have that kind of charm.
Xing is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Xing after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Xing says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Xing asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Xing is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Xing looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Xing says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Xing wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Xing is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Xing says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Xing says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Xing seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Xing is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Xing says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Xing seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Xing is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Xing went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Xing claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Xing seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Xing says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Xing hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Xing says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Yeon
Yeon says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Yeon asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Yeon is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Yeon looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Yeon says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Yeon wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Yeon is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Yeon says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Yeon says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Yeon seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Yeon is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Yeon says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Yeon seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Yeon trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Yeon is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Yeon went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Yeon is in danger! We have to save her!
Yeon claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Yeon seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Yeon says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Yeon hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Yeon says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

Yeon is asking you what you think is it that makes this team great. You weren't expecting this, but you should give her an answer.
	Well, you're looking at the one person that is making this team great.
Yeon is angry because she was criticized by her performance and is asking your opinion. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm sure the lesson here is that all of us need to learn.
Yeon, who has shown absolutely superb chemistry with you, is embarrassed and says she didn't do all of that because of you. What should we say?
	Stop being embarrassed and just accept the compliments, will you?
Yeon wants to have an academic conversation about the 5th dimension, string theory, and other infamously hard space theories. Why...?
	(There must be a reason why she started this conversation.)
Yeon looks disappointed about the size of the Galaxy League. What would be an appropriate response?
	Isn't it awesome to see the galaxy come together for soccer?
Yeon seems to be uncomfortable to hear about the love life of other teammates. Let's talk to her.
	It's all good as long as it doesn't affect the match.
Yeon is talking about how famous her rivals are in the Galaxy League. She seems jealous. Let's talk to her.
	Good rivalry brings both sides to higher levels.
Yeon is furious about how Lucian is always surrounded by girls. What should we say?
	He's good looking and has a good personality. Maybe that's why.
Kirin suddenly appears, pats Yeon on the head while teasing her, and then goes away. Yeon seems angry...
	He's like the wind. There wasn't even time to chat.
The team is at Metro City. Yeon seems to be surprised how the people of Metro City have mechanical bodies.
	I like how even the minority can be saved in this society.
Kuma is furiously chasing Ogre. Yeon seems confused.
	Looks like Ogre is goofing around. I mean the guy has like over 200 pounds over Kuma.
Yeon is spreading the happy news about her cousin having a baby. Let's congratulate her.
	Congratulations!
The team seems very nervous facing Skalardra. What should we do?
	Political power means nothing on the field.
Yeon refuses to listen to anybody's advice saying he's the best and he doesn't need any advice. Let's talk to her.
	That's not like you...
Yeon is interested in Selena and is asking for your opinion. What should we say?
	She's kind and sweet. Maybe you'll have a shot?
Yeon seems to be interested in the Micrinum from Kiri, which is said to be good for beauty and anti-aging. Let's talk to her.
	Looks aren't important when it comes to soccer.
Yeon seems to be determined to crush the opposing team. Let's give her some advice.
	I like how you're doing your best.
Yeon looks sad because she feels her friendship with a friend in a rival team is falling apart. What should we say to her?
	It's not your fault. Let's try to find out why this is happening.
It's a tough match, but Yeon is standing tall and encouraging the team. What should we say to her?
	You're a good person.
A teammate that is a former member of the Dark Sisters is down sick, suffering from the aftermath of performing exorcism. Let's talk with Yeon about what to do.
	Let's be prepared to take care of her in case her sickness gets worse.

Yeon is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	The other team went home crying!
This was the worst game in your entire life...Yeon comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks...I know you're the one that's the most devastated...Let's do better next time.
You're talking to Yeon about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell her your answer.
	Hmm, there's a guy I'd like to beat up before I die.
Yeon is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to her.
	It's only a sport! The strongest team wins, and we are strong!
Yeon is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give her some advice.
	Make the scouters fall in love with your performance!
Yeon isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. She feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	We may have to go rough on the team and make them realize the problem.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Yeon for solutions.
	We won't be able to win the league if we fail to overcome this. 
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	We're going to hunt that manager down and take back our money. We will show no mercy!
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Yeon and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	There's no time for tears! Find out who did this and bring justice!
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	The stage is so majestic! It's awesome!
According to Yeon's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	William doesn't know how to respect his seniors.
Yeon thinks she knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	...Sometimes, the truth is better to be left a secret.
Yeon won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	What about soccer? You'll have to go through me to go on that trip!
Yeon suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	This is a good chance to show the baby angels how rough soccer can be!
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Care to receive the ball with your face?
You're sick and in bed when Yeon and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	You guys...I'm about to cry...
The match and the concert that Yeon was looking for start at the same time...
	Channel that sorrow and rage towards your opponents and make them pay.
Yeon wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Maybe he just wants to duke it out.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Stop right there!
The match started and Yeon is standing still doing nothing.
	Run! Just start running!

Yeon asks what you think is the most important ability in soccer. Give her an answer.
	Getting to know your opponents up to the point of falling in love with them...And then crushing them.
Yeon is criticizing the male teammates that were mesmerized by Lilith during the match. It's your job to defend your teammates.
	This could all be avoided if we become mesmerized by you. Do as you please.
Being too excited, Yeon is overreacting while talking about the game. It seems she wants people to agree with her.
	You're excited only because you got the chance to shoot the ball without any restraints against that player you like.
Yeon is asking what it would be like to date an alien. Give her your opinion.
	I believe there was an old movie about an alien infiltrating a spaceship...
Yeon seems to be planning to enter for the Galaxy League Mascot Contest. Let's talk to her.
	I mean...You may intimidate the crowd...But I guess that could be your charm?
Yeon asks what your plans are for the holidays when there's no training or match. Give her an answer.
	(Stalk the person I secretly love to make sure she's not seeing anybody.)
Yeon heard stories about the world of the demons and asks what you think it'll be like.
	I guess you can make friends even in a place like that.
Yeon, who seems to be interested in Eve, is asking your opinion about her. What should we tell her?
	I'm worried that you two may go around causing trouble if you two are together.
Recently, Yeon seems to enjoy chatting with Jin. She thinks Jin is funny. Let's talk with her.
	Oh how much I'd love to show you what his ''true'' form is like.
Yeon is thinking about how to resist the psychological and mental attacks that the demons enjoy using. Let's give her advice.
	Maybe acting like a demon would help?
Yeon is worried about Vermilion Bird. She thinks something is troubling Vermilion Bird.
	Maybe this is something about love and hate. It may be something serious.
Yeon's uniform is all messed up because of the filthy plays of her opponent. What should we do?
	(Tell her that it's not the opponent showing affection and it's nothing but foul plays.)
A defender on the other team seems to have fallen in love with Yeon and is chasing her around the field. It looks like the player forgot about the match. What should we do?
	That's like playing with fire.
Kaidormu of the United Explorers is praising Yeon's plays. Let's add in.
	Be careful not to fall in love with her.
The team became furious after seeing Yeon fall by the focused attack of the opposing team and used that fury to win the game. Let's say something.
	You can rely on your teammates in situations like this.
Yeon is having trouble finding a Spirit Stone that fits her needs and taste. Let's give her advice.
	What about Silent Cold? You'll be able to hold on to your opponents.
Yeon is asking about the whereabouts of a teammate that hasn't seen for quite a while. Let's give her an answer.
	You said you want to be with him...So I used him as material for your special training.
Yeon is planning to go on a blind date with a close teammate. Should we say something to her?
	Come talk to me before you fall in love at first sight.
It seems that Yeon is wondering what to do after a teammate proposed to her. It doesn't seem that she's not entirely uninterested. What should we do?
	It's not you to be kind to everybody. Just go and say no.
Yeon is teasing her opponent that is having a hard time chasing her. What should we do?
	What are you going to do when that player falls in love with you?

Yumi
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Yumi asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	This is where things get serious. We're going for the win!
Yumi suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	Good idea. Let's go eat some meat!
Yumi is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Put your thumbs up, wink, and send a juicy smile.)
Yumi has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	Your attacks are so strong the opponents can't handle it. You should keep that going.
As Yumi said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	It's not the Galaxy League. We are the ones that are leading the fate of this universe.
The crowd is cheering for Yumi. Yumi seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They're all in love with your enthusiastic play.
Yumi is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I feel like the whole universe is cheering for us when we're with the elementals!
Yumi was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	We can play soccer with the penguins!
The team will not have a match for some time. Yumi asks you about your plan.
	We could ask one of the top teams for a friendly match.
It's a very intense match and Yumi falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Yumi up and the two exchange smiles.
	True sportsmanship! Wonderful!
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	It would be rude to them if we don't do our best.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Yumi having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	Save the energy for the match.
Yumi is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	The fans love your performance!
Yumi scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	You're starting to show the world your true potential! I'm impressed!
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Yumi.
	I feel like he's mocking us!
Yumi falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Get up! The game's not over! You better not give up!
Yumi lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	I will avenge you!
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Yumi. Let's talk to her.
	We'll win next time!
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Yumi is curious and wants to take a look.
	Let's go help them!
Yumi brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	Drink it up!

Yumi is worried about the team's poor performance. Let's go talk to her.
	Everybody is not at 100%. But, I think we'll do better sooner or later.
Yumi is curious about the Galaxy League. What answer will help her?
	It's the place of dreams colliding.
Yumi wants to hear about your plans on training the new players. What should we answer?
	Why don't you join them and find out?
Yumi is being sentimental about how soccer, which was supposed to be a one time thing, became her life. Let's talk with her.
	Yeah, I understand you. Soccer is so much fun!
Yumi is asking what to buy in the souvenir shop. Let's give her an opinion.
	Gate Keeper dolls! Why not!
Yumi is asking who you think of first when you win a match. Let's answer.
	My fans!
This match will be held on Earth. We still have some time. What do you want to do?
	Well, I could show you around and introduce you to the things on Earth.
Yumi says that Hiro, a member of the Einherjar, doesn't remember why he was revived.
	He'll remember someday.
The rain has messed up the field and the enemy team seems to be determined to crush your team.
	Well, if it's a muddy dog fight they want, let's give it to them!
Yumi seems to be curious about Bora's covered eye. What should we answer?
	I don't know much about her, but she looks strong.
Ogre's pony tail slapped Yumi in the face!
	That must hurt.
It's a throwing chance, but the opponent team player suddenly jumps in joy saying his baby brother is born. What should you do?
	Wow, congratulations! (Claps)
Yumi is suddenly showing massive improvement in her performance. She must've learned something during a match.
	Impressive! You're the ace of this team now!
Yumi says that the Swirlies are missing.
	They have wings so I'm sure they flew away.
Yumi says she forgot to use her skill points before entering the match. What should we say to her?
	Well, we can't do anything about that right now. Let's focus more on passing the ball.
You witness Fontus, the most violent and powerful creature in the universe, flying the night sky in a Santa costume.
	...The stress has finally got to him. It must be that...
Yumi picked up a diary. It says Bell on the cover.
	Oh, I'm sure going to read this! That's a joke, of course...
Sorrow suddenly flies off after seeing a shiny object in the sky.
	A crow?!
Yumi is irritated because her opponent has the attribute advantage over her.
	It's not even a rainbow swirly match. Let's just play for now.
Yumi thinks Nana on the other team actually isn't a raccoon.
	Isn't that the same with all other beastmen?

Yuna
You find Yuna depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	Don't mind it. It's our fault. We weren't able to make use of your strength.
Yuna is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be anxious. Have faith and keep following me.
You come across Yuna being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't worry, I'll go with you.
Yuna is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I'm afraid to be honest.
Yuna is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I see. We must be careful. I'll be watching over you.
Yuna is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	Let's solve the problems one by one.
Yuna seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	It's thanks to you! Thanks for listening to my instructions!
You come across Yuna who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Trust me and your teammates. Sit this one out.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Is Marilyn your mother or nanny?
You're watching the storm with Yuna and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	Is something troubling her? I'm having a bad feeling.
Yuna looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Don't worry. Leave it up to me.
Yuna's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Yuna seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	You're doing fine. Don't play your opponent's game.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Yuna.
	I think he felt better because of the positive energy you always have around you.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's ignore them and get ready for the match.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Yuna and her opponent isn't over yet.
	I've never seen her worked up that much.
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Yuna do?
	(Give her instructions so that she can do her share of the cleaning quickly.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	We didn't play dirty, right?
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Yuna. What should you say?
	I hope you two become good rivals.
Yuna is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't worry about me! Do your job!
Latios is chatting with Yuna after the match. Let's barge in.
	Yuna was fantastic on the field, right?

Yuna seems to be lost after having a good match while her fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to her.
	They say the fortune-telling is inaccurate if you don't pay a sufficient price.
With a serious face, Yuna is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give her an answer.
	A way that a mere high school student can prevent the universe from falling into chaos?
Yuna came to you after the match, and says she's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Just please go with that boring strategy.
Yuna is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give her an answer.
	They're on cooldown.
The team is having a good run and Yuna is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	As long as we're not used as training material...
Yuna seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	Look out! (Kicks the ball far away)
Yuna seems to be upset about losing a body check against her opponent.
	Let's make an armor out of Spirit Stones.
Yuna is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with her.
	Well, having a good ace skill is a start.
Yuna is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	Do you think we can sell it? I think we could get a good price.
Yuna plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with her.
	I'm thinking of opening a shop.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Yuna and talk about what to do.
	I hope they have a ''Continue'' button around here.
Yuna seems to be lost. She says she no longer hates the rival team.
	Is there someone on that team that you like? Go propose!
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Cool! Awesome!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	Has he gone mad?
Yuna's form has been improving rapidly. She says she can't wait for the next match. What should we say to her?
	Consumed a lot of Swirlies, I see.
During a match, Yuna bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. She seems depressed. What should we say to cheer her up?
	Wasn't that a glitch?
Yuna is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to her.
	I feel sorry for you and envy you at the same time.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	Maybe it was a good thing? I mean they say it's a tragedy, but look at how joyful it is.
Yuna is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	I heard he's a super agent from Nebrion.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Yuna is starting to get intimidated.
	He's obviously obsessed with soccer.

Yuran
The team made it up to the semi-finals after counting the goal differences. Yuran asks how you feel. How should we answer?
	Wow. I'm sooooo happy.
Yuran suggests that we have a team dinner to lighten things up. What will be your reaction?
	How about we go eat salad? I'm on a diet.
Yuran is saying that her teammates are what keeps her going.
	(Pat her on the head.)
Yuran has shown outstanding performance on both the offensive and defensive side. She is asking for your evaluation on her plays. Let's give her an answer.
	I hope you'd stop sharing small talks with your opponents on the field.
As Yuran said, the universe is facing a new course of destiny because of the Galaxy League. Let's talk to her.
	I'm sure it's going in a good direction.
The crowd is cheering for Yuran. Yuran seems to find this situation new and a bit uncomfortable. Let's help her out.
	They know you gave everything you got. It was spectacular.
Yuran is impressed by the help she received from the elementals. Let's talk to her.
	I am so thankful to them.
Yuran was watching penguins play soccer and suddenly decided to raise a pet penguin herself. Let's talk to her.
	Oh, that'll be so cute!
The team will not have a match for some time. Yuran asks you about your plan.
	Hmm, wanna go shopping?
It's a very intense match and Yuran falls on the ground, but a player on the other team helps Yuran up and the two exchange smiles.
	That player must have a heart of gold.
The next opponent is the Lab Rat Entry. You hear that all of the players on the other team are victims of experiments and this makes you feel uncomfortable.
	That's a sad story. I'm tearing up.
You're walking in a narrow ally and come across Yuran having an intense staring contest with the captain of the opposing team. What should we say?
	How about solving this with a game of rock, scissors, paper?
Yuran is surrounded by fans and seems to be overwhelmed. Let's talk to her.
	Should've practiced that autograph like I told you.
Yuran scored a hat trick and led the team to a complete victory! Congratulate her!
	Hmm? Didn't we win the game when we scored the first goal?
A player on the other side is on the field with his arms tied up. Let's talk about this with Yuran.
	It hurts when the whip first crackles. And the pain just keeps ramping up.
Yuran falls to the ground after clashing with the opponent. What should we say to her?
	Well, let's start by dropping that player's HP to 1.
Yuran lost to the opponent and fell to the ground. What should we do?
	This doesn't look good...Can anybody give her some heals?
You come across Sammy while walking the street with Yuran. Let's talk to her.
	Do you also do fortune telling? I think I'm in love.
Lynia is cleaning the streets with the members of Jeneva Crew. Yuran is curious and wants to take a look.
	They must love volunteer work!
Yuran brought a drink that she says received from the coach on the other team. It looks very suspicious especially with the dark fumes coming out of it.
	The drink looks really scary...But we can't just throw it away...

You find Yuran depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	It's not your fault that you fell during the match. Don't worry about it!
Yuran is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	Don't be all negative because there were some mistakes. You're a precious part of this team.
You come across Yuran being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Don't use that ability on the field...
Yuran is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	Stay by my side and make sure I don't make any mistakes, will you?
Yuran is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	I'll sleep by your side tonight.
Yuran is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	It's not your fault. It's your mistakes that took the opponents off guard.
Yuran seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	Perfect! No mistakes made!
You come across Yuran who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	I think I'll get injured too if you're on the field. Please sit on the bench.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Ramen, that's a dangerous food to cook.
You're watching the storm with Yuran and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	She shines even in the darkest storms! How gorgeous!
Yuran looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Did you prepare your meds in case you get space-sick? Never mind, I'll prepare the meds.
Yuran's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Yuran seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	I think that player likes you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Yuran.
	You saved us all from that awkward moment by tripping on your own foot.
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Kuma alert! Get back to the shelter!
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Yuran and her opponent isn't over yet.
	Hey! The match is over!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Yuran do?
	(Let her clean, but warn her not to cause any trouble.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	Well, you did get ''dirty'' by falling in the dirt.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Yuran. What should you say?
	Well, you're as cute as Yuran.
Yuran is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Don't come over here! It's dangerous!
Latios is chatting with Yuran after the match. Let's barge in.
	Don't you think about sneaking her out. She's our pretty girl.

Yuri
Yuri says she's the center of the team and asks if you agree with her. How should we answer?
	Of course! Everybody is counting on you!
Yuri asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give her a sincere answer.
	I want to see everybody smile. I think that'll make me happy.
Yuri is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	I'd like to keep one as a pet.
Yuri looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to her?
	Where do you think those comets are going?
Yuri says she's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give her an answer.
	Yeah, I mean they could get hurt.
Yuri wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give her an answer.
	I'm planning to make a whole line of merchandise with them as the character.
Yuri is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to her.
	Life is a light of its own.
Yuri says she was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	Just hear them out and smile. They'll feel better.
Yuri says that Bell seemed depressed when she told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	I sense that there's something she hasn't told us yet...
Yuri seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell her?
	Congratulations! How did you guys get along?
Yuri is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	You're playing soccer! You're fine!
Yuri says she's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Tell her to be our lap cat.
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Yuri seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you guys keep giving Yuri trouble, I swear to god I'll use you both as special training material.
Yuri is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	She seems like a nice girl.
Yuri went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	Yuri is in danger! We have to save her!
Yuri claims she saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	She must've made a mistake.
Yuri seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	We can do this! Let's go!
Yuri says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Yeah, they get along pretty well.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Yuri hands you a present.
	(A cute and pretty pendant)
Yuri says that she thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give her an answer.
	I think she likes him.

You find Yuri depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer her up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Yuri is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Yuri being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to her.
	Are you feeling alright?
Yuri is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give her an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Yuri is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to her.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Yuri is stressed out saying her opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Yuri seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to her.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Yuri who is limping. She says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Marilyn's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Yuri and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Yuri looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Yuri's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Yuri seems to be nervous. Let's talk to her.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Yuri.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Yuri and her opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Yuri do?
	(Let her take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Yuri. What should you say?
	Well, Yuri does have that kind of charm.
Yuri is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Yuri after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Zach
Still looking pretty heated up by the match, Zach is asking how he did in the match.
	You bring the best out of the team. Good work!
Zach looks excited as he's talking with the team about pets. He turns around and asks you what kind of pet you like.
	I think that a baby duck following its mother is one of the most adorable things to watch.
You come across Zach thinking about the value of soccer. What should we tell him?
	The field is a ground of hopes and dreams. Isn't that enough?
Zach is having trouble focusing on the match because of the affectionate emotion he feels. He says he must leave now to propose to his lover. What should we say?
	Think about your teammates that are counting on you.
Zach blushes up and tells you that he's happy he can play soccer with you. What should we tell him?
	Me too. You're a good leader.
Zach is asking for special training sessions because he's not satisfied with today's performance. What should we tell him?
	If that's your wish.
Zach did his best, but he failed to achieve the results he wanted and looks sad. We should say something to him.
	It's experiences like this that bonds us together.
Zach is asking you about what you like besides soccer.
	I like board games about war. I admire famous commanders.
Zach feels his heart races when he sees Littre.
	...Do you want a Superb Power-up?
Kuma is caught sneaking in the woman's locker room once again. We should talk with Zach about what to do with him.
	I'm not sure if it's safe, but we can use him for leveling up.
Zach continues to charge into the opponent's defense line and keeps failing. What should we do?
	(Make a strategic decision.)
Zach is being annoying with his offensive words. What should we do?
	(Kick him out of the team if things can't be handled.)
It's dinner time and Zach is staring at his carrot soup with a troubled look. What should we do?
	(Tell him that carrots are good for the body and to eat it all.)
It's early in the morning and there are players that are having trouble waking up for the morning training. What should we tell Zach to do?
	They all need scolding.
Zach says that the soup tastes funny. What should we do?
	Let's stay away from the soup, just in case.
Zach is furious about the referee that's clearly favoring the other team. Should we stop him?
	Ignore the referee. Focus on the match.
It suddenly began to rain heavily. You see Zach running up ahead.
	(Catch up and share your umbrella.)
You witnessed a player on the other side putting a tack in Zach's shoe.
	(Remove the tack and tell the manager on the other team.)
During the team meeting, you find a player sleeping. What should you do?
	(Wake the player up and continue with the meeting.)
Zach hurt his leg during the 1st half of the match, but he insists on playing. What should we tell him?
	Don't push yourself too hard. There are a lot of matches left.

Zach seems to be lost after having a good match while his fortune-telling said things would go wrong. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a myth. Forget about it.
With a serious face, Zach is asking what the true meaning of competition is. Let's give him an answer.
	Well, I'm sure we'll get an answer when we get to the end of this.
Zach came to you after the match, and says he's disappointed at the team's boring strategy. What should we say?
	Let's work up a solution.
Zach is curious of the whereabouts of the managers that are nowhere to be seen during the match. Let's give him an answer.
	They support us from the shadows.
The team is having a good run and Zach is sure that winning the League is a matter of time.
	There's still a lot of obstacles ahead.
Zach seems to be very confused of how a small soccer ball can change the fate of the universe.
	The fate of the universe is not that simple to be changed by a soccer ball.
Zach seems to be upset about losing a body check against his opponent.
	Maybe if you increase your Strength...
Zach is asking what the conditions of a team ace are with a serious face. Let's talk with him.
	Flawless skills.
Zach is surprised of how sturdy the ball is, as it withstands the strength of angels, demons, and even beings of unknown worlds.
	It's surprising to see such advanced technology.
Zach plans to continue playing soccer even after the Galaxy League ends. Let's talk with him.
	We'll see about it after the League.
It's a hard match and your team is losing. Talk with Zach and talk about what to do.
	Let's come up with a plan after this match is over.
Zach seems to be lost. He says he no longer hates the rival team.
	I don't see a problem with it as long as it doesn't affect your performance on the field.
You were enjoying the peaceful day on Earth until the Peacemakers suddenly showed up. At that moment, the Magical Girl Elements came to save the day!
	Oh, come on! Where's the transformation scene?!
Vitos suddenly laughs in joy during the match against the Empire. Why?
	I guess he's happy this is a good match.
Zach's form has been improving rapidly. He says he can't wait for the next match. What should we say to him?
	If you keep it up like that you'd be able to play superbly in any position.
During a match, Zach bumped into a teammate and knocked the player out. He seems depressed. What should we say to cheer him up?
	We have to keep on going.
Zach is complaining about restricted from playing the next match for receiving too many fouls. Let's talk to him.
	Use this as a chance to enhance your condition.
You're at the Yggdrasil memorial ceremony. The Yggdrasil Guardians are parading through the festive crowd.
	If this is how they do a memorial in Valhalla, it's natural to understand and accept.
Zach is suddenly taking interest in who Shootmeister actually is. What should we say?
	All that I care is that he's an excellent trainer.
Your team is playing against the Scout Entries and Malcolm seems to be enjoying himself a little too much. Zach is starting to get intimidated.
	This is good. We can use this as a chance to break their back line.

Zhen Long
Zhen Long is looking excited and asks how the match went.
	They were a worthy opponent.
This was the worst game in your entire life...Zhen Long comes to you to cheer you up.
	Thanks. You always know how to get me back on my feet.
You're talking to Zhen Long about what you would do if the world ends tomorrow. Let's tell him your answer.
	I would say goodbye to all my friends.
Zhen Long is worried about all of the powerful beings that will be competing in the Galaxy League. Let's say something to him.
	I'm sure everybody is feeling the same way you feel.
Zhen Long is training hard to become scouted like the players that moved to teams that offered better conditions. Let's give him some advice.
	Let's make that our goal and make it happen.
Zhen Long isn't pleased with the team's recent plays. He feels that the plays have become somewhat repetitive and dull.
	Let's all talk together and figure out what the problem is.
With back to back matches, the team is exhausted. Let's talk to Zhen Long for solutions.
	I guess it's time the benchwarmers get a chance.
The team manger ran away with all of the team's money. What should we do?
	Let's ask for help to the League officials on this planet.
You were taking a walk in the Nadir forest with Zhen Long and came across Enthia standing in the middle of a burnt part of the forest. 
	Let's give her some space.
Nari is dancing and singing a song about the galaxy.
	This proves that even the aliens like Nari.
According to Zhen Long's words, Tyler went to school 1 year earlier than William.
	I thought they were just friends.
Zhen Long thinks he knows who Lynbell's brother is. What should we do?
	First, let's look for a way to bring him back to normal. 
Zhen Long won a trip around the world from a radio event!
	Hmm, come back to me with a vacation plan.
Zhen Long suggests that we visit the Celestial Castle, which is a place that the baby angels live.
	That would be wonderful! I'll go ask for permission.
The opponent team barges into the field and mocks your team saying your team is better off playing foot volleyball.
	Let's see what you have to say after the match.
You're sick and in bed when Zhen Long and the teammates come to cheer you up. What will your response be?
	I'm sorry...I should be giving you guys some tea or something, but...
The match and the concert that Zhen Long was looking for start at the same time...
	I'm sorry that you couldn't go.
Zhen Long wonders why Castor twitches whenever he sees Beatrice.
	Long ago, he was disgraceful towards a dragon emissary.
MX54 Butcher is closing in on a cat with a suspicious smile.
	Excuse me, but do you have an appointment with that cat?
The match started and Zhen Long is standing still doing nothing.
	Looks like we'll have to do without him.

You find Zhen Long depressed for not playing well during the match. Let's cheer him up.
	You did well and I thank you for that.
Zhen Long is questioning your promise to make the best team ever. It's time to redeem yourself.
	That's why I need your help.
You come across Zhen Long being lost and wandering around while going back to the lodging. Let's talk to him.
	Are you feeling alright?
Zhen Long is asking about your thoughts on meeting an extraterrestrial being. Let's give him an answer.
	I was always looking forward for that moment.
Zhen Long is having trouble with continuing nightmares. Let's talk to him.
	It's just a dream. Forget about it.
Zhen Long is stressed out saying his opponent has the upper ground on every aspect. What should we do?
	You can overcome this like always. Right?
Zhen Long seems to be satisfied with the perfect team work. Let's talk to him.
	I'm starting to see true strength in this team.
You come across Zhen Long who is limping. He says it's nothing. What should we do?
	Don't push yourself too hard. Get off the field if you don't think you can continue.
You visit Merlin's house and see Hildegard eating ramen.
	Can't you cook ramen by yourself?
You're watching the storm with Zhen Long and you spot Princess Meiran taking a walk while humming.
	What's wrong with her?
Zhen Long looks nervous because the team will be moving to the planet where the next match will be held by taking a space shuttle without the help of Littre.
	Littre will be fine.
Zhen Long's opponent is smiling whenever they confront each other on the field. Zhen Long seems to be nervous. Let's talk to him.
	That player is just messing with you.
Baltheon, who was upset when he was asked about his past, suddenly started to feel better when he saw Zhen Long.
	Maybe he got embarrassed for being obsessed with his past?
The members of Siena Celtron are furiously searching the stadium for Kuma.
	Let's give them a hand.
The game ended as a tie, but it seems that the competition between Zhen Long and his opponent isn't over yet.
	You better win that fight!
The team will be cleaning up the lodging. What will you have Zhen Long do?
	(Let him take some of the team members and allow them to clean freely.)
The opponent team is spreading rumors that they lost because your team played dirty. What should we do?
	They will never learn with an attitude like that.
A player on the other team says soccer became enjoyable after confronting Zhen Long. What should you say?
	Well, Zhen Long does have that kind of charm.
Zhen Long is angry about the opponent's resilient attack on you. What should we say?
	Can you peel this guy off of me?
Latios is chatting with Zhen Long after the match. Let's barge in.
	I'm looking forward to our next match!

Zibroi
Zibroi says he's the center of the team and asks if you agree with him. How should we answer?
	Well, your sarcastic jokes are an essential part of the team's strength.
Zibroi asks you about your plans after winning the Galaxy League. Let's give him a sincere answer.
	I'm going to make a joke before I start crying!
Zibroi is getting suspicious about how all the Gate Keepers are in the form of different animals.
	Do you think they'll be tasty?
Zibroi looks excited to see a comet shower, which is a rare sight. What should we say to him?
	Do you think any of those comets are populated?
Zibroi says he's having trouble dealing with the young players. Let's give him an answer.
	Teach them how adults play soccer.
Zibroi wants to know what the Swirlies really are. Give him an answer.
	Beginner level monsters in an RPG game.
Zibroi is saying that the universe needs more than stars to brighten it up. Let's talk to him.
	That's deep. I think it's cool.
Zibroi says he was cornered by the team which was devastated by the loss streak.
	You can point out their mistakes and flaws but still keep things humorous. Just don't go too sarcastic on them.
Zibroi says that Bell seemed depressed when he told Bell that Minerva's throne is empty.
	It'll be better if you don't show her that you're sorry.
Zibroi seems to get along with the opponent player. What should we tell him?
	Don't forget that we exist! Haha!
Zibroi is deeply focused on Jill's diet story. What should we do?
	Please don't forget about the match.
Zibroi says he's going to meet up with Kiki and asks if you have any questions.
	Is her name really Kiki?
Kei and Virgil are fighting again and Zibroi seems to be troubled. What should we do?
	If you had to choose one of the two, which would it be?
Zibroi is having a delightful chat with a girl that's holding a turtle. 
	It's nice to see two people of different class have a delightful chat.
Zibroi went to take a look at the opponent team and got caught. What should we do?
	We should think about how to make fun of him when he comes back.
Zibroi claims he saw Sophie of team Atlanta coming out of the men's room. What could be the case?
	Maybe Sophie is actually a male...?
Zibroi seems very nervous to confront Kei of the Rescuer.
	Don't be nervous! Don't you trust your teammates?
Zibroi says that the captain of team Scout Entry seems to take good care of the team members.
	Well, I'm better than him because I'm in love with this team.
You enter the lodging feeling lonely on your birthday. The team greets you with a surprise and Zibroi hands you a present.
	(A surprise box! Inside it there's a cool wallet.)
Zibroi says that he thinks Alkyde looks at Fontus in a funny way. Let's give him an answer.
	Maybe she's up to something.

Zibroi is asking about what's the most important condition in winning today's match. Let's give him an answer.
	What could it be? Money? Luck? Weather? Hmm? What?
Zibroi, who is determined to make everything in his life, even his dreams, about soccer, asks you what it's like to dream about soccer. Let's think about it.
	I've been chased by a soccer ball monster in my dreams. It was terrifying.
Zibroi announces that he will become an influential player that changes the league completely. Let's give him an answer.
	You'll have to compete with me!
Zibroi is depressed thinking that winning the Galaxy League is a goal that can't be achieved. What should we say to him?
	Come on, cheer up. You're not being yourself.
Zibroi wants to cherish every precious meeting with other people and beings. He wants to be good friends with everybody. Let's talk to him.
	It'll be pretty exciting if we could stay the same even after 10 years.
It seems that Zibroi is lost in the Nadir forest. What should we do?
	Listen carefully and you'll find him.
You find Zibroi lurking around the food corner at the shopping center. What should we say?
	Stop wandering around the kids snack corner!
Zibroi says he doesn't understand why other angels are afraid of Uriel. He thinks Uriel is a very kind angel.
	Hmm? That is odd...What do you think about this?
A teammate is being stubborn about going out on the field while having a very severe fever. What should we do?
	I'll tackle him down! Knock his lights out!
Zibroi wants the team to enter the Underground League on Earth. What should we do?
	What about just watching?
Zibroi caught a player on the other team spying on your team's practice. What should we do?
	You came to see my marvelous moves? I'm flattered. 
The middle fielder on the other team is too powerful. Let's give Zibroi some orders.
	Pass? Shoot? Forfeit? Argh! Just make a run for it!
Something must have startled Beelzebub. He has entered the field and is making a scene.
	Stop right there, pig!
You come across an opponent player limping, because of getting injured during a match against your team. Zibroi seems to be worried.
	Let's just go. That player will also feel uncomfortable if we keep standing here.
Zibroi came back without a penny after marching into the Casino.
	What happened to you? Do you want me to lend you some money?
James is fighting Akane after ambushing Yuri, and Bora is slowly making her approach from a distance.
	...It's about to go down...! Where's the popcorn?
Zibroi is sad that the World Tree in Umbra has withered. What could we say to cheer him up?
	Who could've done such a hideous thing?
Mimi continues to praise Princess Meiran and it's likely that this isn't going to end any time soon. Zibroi seems to be sick of this.
	Okay! Now I'll tell you all the good stuff about Zibroi!
Zibroi looks startled after learning the underworld actually exists.
	How about we ask Jeunese?
The team is in a slump and you take the team out for refreshment. Talk with Zibroi to set some simple rules.
	Come on, I'll show you the best spots around!

